Anyway - I am intruding on a thread which has become - as far as I have read - a logic duel - but I thought I would introduce a little local flora and fauna.!

And that is why they cannot hide the fact this is about subsidizing their sex life!

Humour me....please I think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives.. if everyone put off getting married/having a family till they could afford it many would be single and childless..!

I have to admit I am really quite worried about Russia..!

Some of the cultural questions and issues seem very similar to those faced by some of the tribes in the US Southwest.!

I can hear the desperation in your words.!

I was devasted they could lie about something as important as that and have since not had a great deal of contact with my family since!

Moving on...What is Limbaugh's or Beck's intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the Obama administration""!

my belly and my boobs look like someone took a purple marker and had a field day!!

He doesn't care about anyone but himself - As a matter of fact I believe hes obsessed with himself...!

Senators could ignore the panel vote and pass the bill!

most libs accept this!

countries that will be ruled by few or more generation old foreigners that didn't really have to change anything to adapt and be somewhat British.!

Even if you're the most giving person to charity!

He did NOT start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.!

Those events may have expedited Smiling Buddha!

I have an issue with this because we were still picking her up closer to 5 and somehow everyone else had the ability to change her diaper around 4:30.!

Then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing.!

I agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this.!

He does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the US's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to.!

But only the shoreline around the Terrace itself was really my idea of skate-friendly.!

Similar to I would never understand ramifications to certain medical procedures.!

Edgarblythe already has heard this from me but I was in D.C. the summer of 63 and am somewhere in that crowd on the mall during the I have a dream speech.!

(It was a small white square that looked like a piece of Excel gum.!

I have enjoyed some of your posts on the Poetry section and once!

This is a positive thread about the Prez as some here said never happens and bam!

I could definitely support that as a non proliferation treaty.!

The Budget repair bill was supposed to have language eliminating some of the municipalities local control over your property tax rate and therefore should have kept your property taxes from going up.!

I'm a little woman and I hurt my shoulder very badly at one point.!

If he had been like you those papers would have been dead by now and no one would have heard of Murdoch.!

I understand your position on what should be done.!

What I have seen it that it is hard to find world-wide information with a long view -- most of the time it is for a short time period or for a specific region.!

Me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere.!

Men tend to not think with level heads... so we have to think for them.!

I don't know that they are!

I did indeed think I was pretty cool as a jet jock as you called it (a term we never used).""!

The protest may pressure Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month.!

But.... She apparently wants to cook for me this time.!

I was just getting fed up and not sure if I could deal with her and having a baby soon.!

i dont know... i just told him that i am sorry i will never look like that and i am so scared that he wont find me attractive in a few months because i am going to get stretch marks and just be fat and gross looking and i am just so emotional and ugh... i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.!

It could be argued that a better word is collectivist...I strongly support libertarian political actions because I want to see individuals once again free enough from government oppresion that they can choose to come together in collective effort.!

Initially she said no because I would just 'go on about it' [why we was no speaking] and I promised I would not!

Hi allBasically my mum died a couple of weeks ago!

that would be like a devout muslim opening a liquor store but refusing to sell booze.!

You judge him from just a few of the ones you want to frame his entire life.!

That would probably take care of repeat robbery attempts.!

It is also possible that he was hit by accident with a single 3-round burst from an M-16 by a well-trained soldier.!

Obviously you're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests.!

But I would really recommend that you get an appointment with your uni counselling services.!

or 2. find a fuel alternative to gasoline that is about the same price and then make it available at all locations and start only producing cars that run off that.!

It's something worth thinking about!

Not rocket science..... or maybe it is.!

In the UK everyone just likes moaning.!

Both sides could have used better attorneys on this!

With other Commonwealth places like Australia / NZ / Singapore etc fair enough - don't let them in - because as someone mentioned above!

Think of anything that may have been in your Mum's name (gas!

I remember the anti-gypsy attitudes and actions in Spain.!

most of that is due to the fact that i gained 70 punds and i didn't really even try to be somewhat active when i could during my pregnancy.!

Humour me....please I think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives.. if everyone put off getting married/having a family till they could afford it many would be single and childless..!

my pie turned out awesome and got completely eaten!

I don't know how far down he is prepared to drag us; I don't know if the Democratic party has enough morale to rally itself against him.!

anyone comparing al sharkskin to anything other than an elocutionary murderer on a scale comparable with hitler and all around steaming pile of  should have their head examined!

It fails to report on the warnings from U.S. allies about the attacks!

It is a matter of establishing yourself with one who sees your differential...whatever it may be.!

Apples are one of the most heavily sprayed crops (even in the US)!

The effect people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.""!

You're going to take it from a little state like Massachusetts!

It reads in part:Learn from Real People like you and me!

They stand for the same basic Entitlement philosophy.!

This is about a family and their grief first and religion!

They were a part of life and could be found in most walks of life - including Naval Aviation ('tho one had to look for them in some circles) Apart from skin color they were like us - no big deal (I'm Irish - it was the Italians we hated).!

I ignored it for a year before H made me go to the doctor or stop whining about it.!

Any ideas on what should be done because we are going nowhere and things that are being tried only breed resentment and anger.!

I do not want to be tight in such circumstances but if I'm honest I think my Grandad would give me a right telling off if he thought I was going to spend that much money on flowers anyway.!

The U.S. Department of Energy estimates that the federal portion of offshore drilling!

Those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue.!

I don't know where your graph is from but it's not accurate.!

So we need to go in from the start saying with Iran it's about regime change!

Actually what they're arguing if you read it closely is that Hustler should be expanded to private individuals!

So sad too how the prospect of a few material things when someone is ill can turn some people into total vulchers.!

Which is why I know that it is one Saudi!

How about when the Bush administration broke the law and engaged in warrantless wiretaps.!

Women who kill are - at least here - most likely to do so after years of violence - and a number of attempts to escape said violence - not infrequently when they find the fella has abused the kids.!

Even when it really was going about claiming to be communist china was really infact just another stalinist dictatorship.!

They had to be air lifted in somewhere around the first of June.!

just because she complained about sharing a room!

It is odd to note the similarity of the 'protest stories' I have read on this thread to the 'war stories' often told (and exaggerated) by veterans (and sometimes non-veterans) of very different struggles.!

I might hit you.!

I stayed on the floor for a few moments!

Although I do see strong parallels between the position of some minorities (in particular areas!

You probably think most all human suffering is just some big joke - all of it!

The June 8 attack on the Al Furqan mosque in Narathiwat province's Joh-I-Rong district and its aftermath suggest such initiatives may have backfired.!

Central nervous system effects may include headache!

I am so scared of having the operation and imagine all the horrible things that could go wrong!

You say that as if Levantine Arab was some sort of cohesive ethnic group in Syria.""!

Basically it's a kind of incitment to riot and it ought to be illegal.!

These are people who have grown up with nothing and expect nothing!

But I don't know who was number one in the entire class.!

So the likely death toll from starvation in Syria (kids alone) is probably 1!

We may get a call from a client saying that they need something and called another service as well..and the one who performs the quickest gets the order.!

She wears a spinal brace and he punches it so while it doesnt really hurt her i would prefer him not to I know i'm not the only parent who has an issue with him!

I suppose you can call anything a bubble if you like..and point to things to support your point.!

I read through the entire label on one bottle (Motts) and could not find anything to indicate where the apple juice was from.!

I don't really know what is up but I'm super mad about it.!

Apparently she has made it known to people she likes the thought of the money (my father has made no secret about the inheritance).!

I think things like Patriarchy!

I probably have 2 or 3 friends.!

Dependence on Foreign OilAlthough the U.S. has about 20 billion barrels of proved reserves!

They had it right in the beginning when it was about being angry at Wall Street.!

www.crimelibrary.comi read this long ass story with all the facts and letters and shit they know about him and his victims...interesting stuff.!

And thats about it - dont know more than that.!

he's even gone so far as to kiss the scars from my gall bladder removal operation.!

Her daycare is in an officepark so I think most of the parents work right there as opposed to DH and I who work 20+ minutes away in opposite directions.!

I just feel like its really NONE of their business to open their mouths!

There was a fairly large to-do about a bunch of Stop snitchin' T-shirts here in Boston over the winter.""!

I seriously doubt a 17-year old kid would even think about arguing with someone when they have a gun.!

To force a church to go against its beliefs just so some poor fool can have sex without danger of getting a girl pregnant makes so little sense I can't believe people here are even defending it.!

I actually think Lougher acted the way he did out of some sort of form of psychosis.!

It wasn't fun really!

I'd like to expound on my prediction.!

Our MSM doesn't seem very interested in covering the Afghan War much.!

Don't really have any advice to offer!

With US diplomats on the way to pressure Israel there is some mumbling about building a prison around Arafat instead of exiling him.!

If this is the kind of marksmanship we can expect from concealed carriers!

Those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue.!

The technology that you use to communicate was made possible by advancements in space.!

And I've seen variants of this line about a million times by now:I really feel sorry for people with such hate in their hearts that they feel the need to go after Papa Joe after (list professional accomplishments of Paterno).",1.0,0.8!

887,about,I am still in debt by about 24k."!

My thoughts are that governments simply let their private arms companies make a bit of cash off the war like they usually do.!

I happened to watch a news review on Sky News this morning in which a bunch of journo's were bleating on that we shouldn't condemn all the innocent and hard working journalists at News International just because a whole bunch of hacks at the Sun were arrested... because that would cause untold damage to the whole media industry.""!

Well he was talking to his friend about it and I saw the text messages...His friend has the nerve to tell him to man up.""!

I totally agree!!

These are folks making somewhere around the minimum wage ($5.15 an hour for nontipped workers!

So I think it's just best to pardon Dick and hope that he'll leave me alone.!

Abhisit said protests could resume as long as they were peaceful.....Abhisit!

But you are making a very big leap when you say Most whites are racist and an even bigger leap when you say "whites believe in white supremacy".""!

They all are/were on some level.!

Stay strong..you seem like a lovely family.!

Plus I don't think I can sell my property during my IVA (I will double check this) as I will need to release some equity during the final year.!

They were a part of life and could be found in most walks of life - including Naval Aviation ('tho one had to look for them in some circles) Apart from skin color they were like us - no big deal (I'm Irish - it was the Italians we hated).!

All it would have taken was one of the speakers saying let's take a minute to recognize the sacrifices of those who made it possible for us to com e here and complain.!

i could possibly try self employment again!

As I feel a child should when they become an adult and start working.!

She should be eligible to apply for it and it would perhaps pay for a wheelchair friendly taxi for herHTH!

They have a house out there (and i seem to remember she complained about having such a long mortgage left on it.. despite being in her 60s and my dad being 59 when he passed - would a bank give them a mortgage THAT long at such an age with very decent salaries (stepmum = self employed psychologist.!

It could of been better but I admit I was lazy and didn't really work at it.!

i dont know... i just told him that i am sorry i will never look like that and i am so scared that he wont find me attractive in a few months because i am going to get stretch marks and just be fat and gross looking and i am just so emotional and ugh... i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.!

i think this old guy is scared of dying without the recognition that he killed some ppl and trying to make history.!

If the tea party stopped being about fiscal conservatism and the debt and transformed into a conservative social issues movement I would feel the same sense of disgust toward it.!

Whilst it probably isn't a 'solution' as such!

Then Will Williams and Allen Ruff decided that free speech isn't really free and stood in front of my camera and then bum rushed me along with bald Tom Cruise.!

maybe churchs shouldnt operate hospitals then.!

I would suggest that a few more than nobody cared.""!

OH has some health problems and have been supporting him through these as well.!

I think Powell will write another book as soon as Bush leaves office.!

But there's a significant segment of the most recent wave of Internet truther trolls that appears to be more motivated by direct sympathy for the same Islamic fundamentalist Jihadist ideals (which after cutting through the centuries-old political and religious smokescreens basically come down to stop giving human rights to women or we lose all hope of getting laid) that motivated the 9/11 attacks in the first place.""!

I don't think that anyone has killed it in the debates.""!

We would like to have a honeymoon at some point this year!

But recently it seems to have got out of control and I almost feel like I am now the parent.!

An incredible amount of work has been done to make sure that the satellite data are the best quality possible.!

i dont know what my problem is i am just scared of how my body is going to change and that i wont ever be able to look somewhat decent again.!

The new constitution is pretty much an unhappy compromise - it displeases hardliners who want the EU to put centralised stability first!

I think it is absolutely absurd that during these very serious political times!

This thread is a sort of revival of one run be me and Joanne Dorel on Abuzz!

Our Indian friends may have confidence in China's tremendous sentiment of friendship towards India.!

I don't really know what is up but I'm super mad about it.!

I'm seeking some Will advice that may get a bit complicated here but bare with me.!

Now all those poor people are a little more poor.!

I think I uploaded this correctlyPic of accused BTKI lived in Wichita about 20 yrs.!

I don't think most Brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.!

Unlike idiots like you!

My doctor even forgave 2 stays cause I could not pay!

They envisioned a little elastic string holding the hadrons together.!

It does seem that IF all of the west Antarctic ice sheet - both above and below sea level - were to melt!

I know that there is no way to ever convince everyone about stem cell research but I think this is a good argument that I haven't really heard.!

I do think the safety net for the poor is currently fairly effective.!

You probably think most all human suffering is just some big joke - all of it!

You must spread some Reputation around before giving it to Katzndogz again.!

No it's just that people like you can't be honest.!

I think you need to look at the valuation of your home year over year.!

I feel much better now!

He then built those tow papers into a media empire that makes idiots like you froth at the mouth.!

However a quick comparison of Malaysia and Vietnam today should remind us that there may well have been there something worth fighting for.!

Sometimes for young people it take some time to understand in toto what is going on in front of you nose!

You know what teenagers are like!

It was apparently started by some thug in Baltimore The whole gist is that you can't trust the cops so you shouldn't snitch on people when you are a witness to a crime.!

I think we've all suffered enough.!

But the panel also expressed doubts about the legitimacy of the intervention of the legislature in the field of history and suggested that commemorations or legislative resolutions might be a better way to express sympathy for the suffering than laws to criminalize some types of speech.""!

Africans would be better served by the EU removing it's protectionist food tariffs and agricultural subsidies and the rest of the world paying them a fair price for their abundant natural resources rather than cutting deals with the dictators who have kept parts of the continent in chaos since the end of (direct) European occupation after world war IIIt isn't just some crazy ironic twist of fate that the majority of the worlds precious metals and stones come from Africa and yet it has so many of the poorest and most violent countries!

Depending upon which analysis of Guth's inflationary model you choose (there are several at least) the only way to keep inflation consistent with all the other physical laws is if the inflation took place in such a way as the separation of parts of the universe that were space like remained space-like forever.!

(It's a bit off topic; but I think I'd also like to see that money come from a healthy Death Tax.!

I must say this is the most inane thread ever.!

They told me a decision would be made (late November 2011) and whoever was entitled to anything (if there was anything) would hear from them.!

it also proves that i'm dead on about breitbart being a lying hack...!

That and I've had a few friends that were college professors.!

They were the most comfy shoe I have ever worn.!

I'm the kind of person who likes statistics and hard facts!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedI know!

It's builder Sukhoi has already made a long term commitment to build the SU-35 for the forseeable future and this can be seen by the recent purchases of this aircraft by the Russian Air Force which continues to but and will for several years.!

If this was truly about medical health!

The poll asked about 1000 people who they admired the most: About 170 said Obama."!

Sorry to anyone whose read this jumbled mess!

One thing I think I've read is that we tend to actually remember the last telling!

I think he made the right decision by so doing.!

Warning - some info might be TMI.!

I find him entertaining as all hell (in two minute bursts).!

I do think they should pay to clean up the oil spill!

Look like america.!

The paving there had less texture and was much more even--I guess because it never froze and traction was hardly an issue either.!

my dh said that he still finds me sexy!

The political reasons seem unlikely to me because lots of soldiers including many much much higher up than him have spoken out.!

They have been practacing capitalism as near perfect as it should be!

this is in my opinion really bad bullying!!!!

I think it is fair to say that the closer a culture is to the one time only",0.0,0.8!

3797,propose,I've been following his website postings about the legislation he would propose as President."!

He's got a huge set of balls to complain about it now.!

The discussion I am trying to get at is: how should we deal with patriarchy!

Wonder why they were going to vote if they didn't really know anything about them.!

Do that a few times and these people might start to behave better.""!

I don't think its because I just had the baby because my SIL has a 6month old and a 2 year old.!

I know that bothers you Socialists/Progressives!

Or maybe you got such good shit you're hallucinating.!

IDS gets rinsed in there from some of the anonymous Tory contributors....I can't remember the exact quotes but there were some in there from ex Cabinet ministers saying things like he's not that bright a bloke",1.0,0.7!

426,several,The republicans offered several and the last one that the democrats rejected out of hand actually included closing the tax loop holds you mistakenly seem to think the democrats want."!

Sometimes I like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war!

Human rights should always come before money.!

Or why don't you go talk to Pat Tillman or countless other families who can't get the truth from the Military about their loved ones death or get the benefits that they well deserve.!

I'm all for campaigning but I think that this was really a step too far.!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

I fully and totally agree.!

The NY times reports that we are evacuating - so I called them to see where they got the information - and they said the embassy - as you can imagine - getting through to the American Embassy in Cairo is impossible at this time.!

I believe this to be a case of apples and oranges.!

What annoyed me the most about these campaigners was the EXTREMELY aggressive approach they were taking.!

Makes you wonder if she really can remember being born.!

I suggested the basic economics in it seemed some people didn't understand the basic cost/supply relationship - and many people in their thoughtful wish to help others less fortunate only correlate higher salary = more spending power without looking at the downstream impacts (or lack thereof).!

The federal courts subsequently held that Coleman could not raise a federal claim because he had waived his state review.!

Iran is sending rodents into space but we won't be able to send so much as a microbe into space without the Russians permission.!

It was during my tenure at COMPHIBPAC that I learned the most about what I know about Viet Nam.!

It is odd to note the similarity of the 'protest stories' I have read on this thread to the 'war stories' often told (and exaggerated) by veterans (and sometimes non-veterans) of very different struggles.!

Was on Norco 10s as often as they'd dole them out - eventually learned 2 Norco 5s were a better friend to me (more Tylenol).!

But the panel also expressed doubts about the legitimacy of the intervention of the legislature in the field of history and suggested that commemorations or legislative resolutions might be a better way to express sympathy for the suffering than laws to criminalize some types of speech.""!

I curse worse than a sailor so I felt it was best to think about those choice words for her.!

I mean look at the French.!

I know of grocery stores who won't sell tobacco.!

If they can create a flouride that makes people communists surely they can come up with some kind of drug that destroys the sex thing.!

Also...this is from personal experience too......more than half the time when someone withholds information from me because they didn't want to worry or "bother" me....it wasn't anything I'd have been worried or bothered about anyway.""!

Perhaps Rice could impress American journalists if she talked more about her accessorizing.!

Too much of the the fair game trash got a young man killed.""!

I think it would explain most of the PIOUS statements by the far left.!

I think your local farmers are onto something.!

Sounds like an idea that should be explored scientifically.!

He stated that Al Sharpton a self made man from the streets like me was joining.....at which time co-host Greg Kelly interjected (twice) that like Al Sharpton""!

Helps that I'm sort of in the trade but I don't like the idea of depreciation all that much and this is one good way to almost completely avoid it.!

If he was just following him to make sure he didn't break into a house somewhere in the neighborhood!

*aka - the post in which I pull an SBP-type posting*Backstory: Typically we pick up DD from daycare on the later end - about 5pm give or take 10 minutes.!

I don't think that anyone has killed it in the debates.""!

I have some good news!!

This next bit might sound a bit mean!

Yes our college library had about four books on the Conservatives and about four hundred on the Labour Party.!

Now my mum is almost taking advantage!

I'm seeking some Will advice that may get a bit complicated here but bare with me.!

Quite a bit higher than the 75 cent ones.!

A relationship should be about give and take!

It may be that Chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.!

I mean seriously Clinton was 100X better than W. Bush and Obama.!

I just feel like she does not understand that I am almost supporting everyone right now.!

They took DH's bag (which they found dumped a few streets away) and said they would forensically test it!

My brother kept him in his own place for as long as he could but eventually!

Ladbrokes said the Conservatives have been cut from 4/6 to 4/7 to win the next general election!

I am about to turn 30!

Any advice is very much welcome!!

If only we could make the leaders look right into the eyes of every civilian they kill!

I remember in the Fifties conservatives did not want flouride added to the water because flouride turned people into communists.!

I used to skate to the store or for exercise nearly every day before I moved to Madison--from a place where I could roll out the door with my skates on knowing I'd find a safe and efficient route to just about anywhere.!

In the future farming will become an endeavor of the highly educated (not necessarily degrees!

A fair enough question!

It's good reading the same events in all their books...you hear a different perspective each time.!

People are facing choices about whether to ruin their lives - or potentially lose their lives.!

Sending lots of love xIt might be an idea to see your GP as a matter of some urgency.!

I think if I really knuckled down and saved and scrimped and lived a very meagre life!

When she was maybe 16 months old she said it was red and "hot".""!

The Gravy Train really is all out of gravy.!

Feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedI know!

I don't know if one blocks it out!

The Country did well in terms of setting the foundation for what has lasted so far almost 240 years BECAUSE they subscribed to the things I believe and those whom morons like YOU consider hacks believe.""!

My mum had a go at me about curtains a few weeks back.This makes me think if i tell them something medical she will blame me for it!

I was on fairly good terms with him and was out there with my sister when it happened.!

Another was from about 5 different countries.!

TaliwillowAre there any flowers which in your mind connect the pair of you - for example if he used to call you buttercup then your grandmother would probably find a bunch of buttercups a nicer!

I'm not just talking about accumulated wealth.!

That was kind of rude.!

I like the ideas that Jody and Sugarspun have mentioned.!

I sympathise completely!

I dont make major investments withough speaking to him and I expect the same respect from him.!

For all the hype it has really led nowhere in particular!

It's not a protest for peace; it's making themselves feel good and playing politics."!

I also can't wear too cushioned soles - as I've found out by buying some very expensive walking shoes - my feet seem to be attempting to break with those.!

Claim: Powell claimed that Iraq had purchased special aluminum tubes whose only possible use was in uranium enrichment centrifuges.!

It might hurt a little initially!

I have been feeling like the death of the Roadmap would be a catalyst to increased violence!

The entire Bush Cabinet is starting to look like an Image Awards telecast minus the fisticuffs and gunplay.!

I know absolutely nothing about this kid who is now in charge.!

ie there are some that have less than average.!

They keep talking about the huge deficit in the Obama admin.!

The Royal Australian Air Force has placed a tentative order for 100 of the F-35 JSFs for about $16 billion!

MIL has come a few times - the most recent to specifically help out while I was in the hospital.!

It's like they think they own the place.!

You are really tap-dancing around this issue.!

You and others like you have proven beyond all doubt that it is a waste of time to reply to liberal rants.!

Maybe before complaining about immigrants not speaking English!

In late 60s - early 70s it was among the most progressivecountries in Islamic world with a broadly popular Communist party which led a socialist revolution therein 1978.!

Things seem much calmer now but you never know.!

Who cares what the INTENT of the European explorers were...this is about the EFFECT.!

The rally should be peaceful unless security forces attempt to disperse the group!

Went to see CAB today to find out about seeing a solicitor to start the divorce rolling.!

But Morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.!

I was not able to work when I was in the hospital and was only getting about 1000 dollars in retirement pay!

It may be good for the economy but it is not fair on those who feel the brunt end of fierce competition for jobs!

I'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling!

I am not sure (will check with father tomorrow if he remembers) but I believe that my first memory dates from approx.!

Since communication between space-like separated objects is not possible they can be said to be outside the universe (for those objects that have that separation with them).!

re curtains-'Passers by might not like the way it looks'.I dont give a f*** about what other people like the look of!

I'm not sure about any of those.!

You might also try posting on the benefits board here to see if anyone can suggest any routes for you.!

I could probably afford to get much better cars than the ones I drive if I got them on finance as we have quite a bit more coming in every month than going out but the wife won't entertain finance so I have to buy them outright and there are too many bargains to pass up at the insurance auctions.!

It may not be the case!

Sounds a lot like what Evan Bayh said a couple of years ago.!

Or we could poke sharp sticks in our eyes.!

I mean not even everyone in HK is a British national - only a proportion of the population are.!

We have some temps that make great money with us.!

It is about freedom of choice.!

but at least i'll have peace of mind that he's ok. i just don't know what to do for the best!!

I've seen some debates where Krugman's opponent had him practically in tears.!

Police are convinced that there are people who know something!

After asking about 5 times on what I could bring she finally told me pumpkin pie because she was making everything else.!

It may be good for the economy but it is not fair on those who feel the brunt end of fierce competition for jobs!

Call me hateful but I'll mourn the permanent loss of 100 square miles of good farm land before I mourn for 100 million suffering Africans living like animals.!

I have always felt that people spend shocking amounts on weddings - I think your 3-4k is massive!

That's how I would feel supported.!

They think that the media!

He definitely offers the most substance in his replies!

I used to skate to the store or for exercise nearly every day before I moved to Madison--from a place where I could roll out the door with my skates on knowing I'd find a safe and efficient route to just about anywhere.!

I understand your position on what should be done.!

I assume that if pronation is normal the shoes may be just fine; if not""!

I also try and do things like by mu mum and dad shoes etc!

Looks like Obama has plenty of CEO-type executive experience to me.!

I always think the twee starters/roast dinner/fake-looking pudding type menu is very peculiar when you remember that most couples would probably sit down to something totally different in almost any other situation!!

basically I need to put my thoughts down on paper (or an Internet page!)!

i assume that as he will be assumed innocent until proven guilty!

Humour me....please I think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives.. if everyone put off getting married/having a family till they could afford it many would be single and childless..!

I suppose it's against the rules for Democrats to question these things...I understand just blaming Bush is the simplest of answers!

A quick google has found this - http://www.ehow.com/facts_6048311_in...tance-law.htmlYour father's wife could have quite legitimately inherited everything he left behind.!

One thing that really struck me was your need to phone your mum.!

It has gone something like this:First!

She moved it up because during my appt she did check me to see if i was dialated any and she said I was only dialated about a fingertip and so she went ahead and scheduled me to come in saturday at 8pm so I could start receiving medicine to open me up some more otherwise when they give me pictocin the labor would proably be long...so there gonna start the medicine saturday night to open me and then sunday morning give me the actual pictocin to make me go into labor...ladies..im freaking out...im so nervous/scared...this is my first pregnancy but im just so emotional and idk worried about everything...oh yeah and im getting induced because im diabetic.!

My stepmum has since pretty much vanished.!

tai chi - OCD needs a rest and some heavy meds.!

i buy food in that we all like and she uses it or goes to the shop to buy with her own money what she does like.!

You might consider Beck to be a lot of people!

I think they let me slide because I already had my honorable discharge.!

I'm going to explore whether the local 'Dial a ride' service for the disabled could take her to some of her previous social groups!

Moroccans are a bit like Italians when they get excited.!

Her: Oh......Chai........I'm fine.......Me: (wondering about pregnant pauses!

I was devasted they could lie about something as important as that and have since not had a great deal of contact with my family since!

The circumstances and brutality of those attacks this month have revived fears that a long-running insurgency in Thailand's south could be evolving into a sectarian conflict pitting Buddhists against Muslims.!

It's the same thing as how everyone helped Japan but not Somalia because we like it better!

...I bet you already know the answer.!

Finding out what kind of research was a different matter altogether - I couldn't find anything on it -- yet.!

I tell everybody in the area about the incident and let them decide if they want to take a chance in high heels on a too-slick floor.!

I wish I could leave my lawyering life and go study education and education policy.!

I've been thinking about public education in this country a lot recently.!

It may be several days before it's lifted.!

What is even MOREbothersome to ME PERSONALLY... is the police using knowncriminals via threats to get convictions on other peoplewho they may know nothing about.!

If the tea party stopped being about fiscal conservatism and the debt and transformed into a conservative social issues movement I would feel the same sense of disgust toward it.!

What is even MOREbothersome to ME PERSONALLY... is the police using knowncriminals via threats to get convictions on other peoplewho they may know nothing about.!

I was devastated at the time - called her some names that even now I blush to recall but with the benefit of maturity and some distance I can see that it was the best decision for all concerned.!

This isn't really a big deal when it comes to 9/11!

I read through the entire label on one bottle (Motts) and could not find anything to indicate where the apple juice was from.!

The media seem to have mixed up the man responsible for the merge with ABN Amro with the man responsible for fixing the failure of RBS.!

This dickhead threw his own mother under the bus who raised him then praised his drunk communist father (which he only met a few times) to score brownie points with self loathing white progressives.!

You seem to feel that for these people and I wish you luck.!

The Border Agency has a lot to answer forYou seem more bothered that the family cheated the benefit system than the actual well being of the girl.!

I'm really not sure why.!

i now find myself in a dilemma both emotionally and practically.!

It might ramble at times.!

It seems like if a candidate went to a state!

I am not a health professional and I can only speak from personal experience which is why I strongly suggest you see a qualified health professional about your feelings and worries about depression.!

I know this is just a load of jumbled rubbish but I'm so down and fed up with this  I've probably brought it all on myself!

I had my first appointment with a midwife at 10 weeks-its does seem a little late.!

Affairs do cause a lot of emotional upheaval and unhappiness but the long term outcome doesn't necessarily need to be a bad one.!

I just feel like its really NONE of their business to open their mouths!

don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.!

We're almost completely bankrupt as a country because greedy unions and other lazy far left communist organisations have pushed our wages so high that we're uncompetitive globally.!

Its better to have too many people with a degree than not enough believe you me.!

I consider that the Peace Movement and the Civil Rights Movement in conjunction embodied most of the more noble attributes of human striving!

I'd say get some legal advice!

He did NOT start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.!

I could be wrong but I think California may have more prisons than any other state.!

It's kind of hard to keep your stories straight though...And!

If you read the whole article he doesn't sound like he knows if he is coming or going but that sounds about right.!

As Unions usually do!

I know that there is no way to ever convince everyone about stem cell research but I think this is a good argument that I haven't really heard.!

I wish I were young and unattached for a couple of years so I could go where I need to go and do what I need to do!

Two scenarios are now most likely when the French Senate debates the bill Monday!

I hear those skills translate real well into a career in Government.!

It was quite a tightrope walk--because I feel that in almost all circumstances!

He then built those tow papers into a media empire that makes idiots like you froth at the mouth.!

Although he's not going around screaming about how big'n'tuff 'Murrka is.!

But there's a significant segment of the most recent wave of Internet truther trolls that appears to be more motivated by direct sympathy for the same Islamic fundamentalist Jihadist ideals (which after cutting through the centuries-old political and religious smokescreens basically come down to stop giving human rights to women or we lose all hope of getting laid) that motivated the 9/11 attacks in the first place.""!

Putting aside whatever you might think of either person!

I also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their 'life plan' than I am.!

Looks like Pat Robertson is now concerned about global warming!

He didn't put the two wars in the budget like Obama is doing.!

I could probably afford to get much better cars than the ones I drive if I got them on finance as we have quite a bit more coming in every month than going out but the wife won't entertain finance so I have to buy them outright and there are too many bargains to pass up at the insurance auctions.!

I am 90 miles from a VA Hospital so except for a few stays in the mental ward when I was very depressed and could not afford to pay the civilian hospital I do not use it.!

If he was just following him to make sure he didn't break into a house somewhere in the neighborhood!

I know what you're trying to do!

I have all kinds of reservations about voucher programs!

I do think they should pay to clean up the oil spill!

You should think about picking up a smaller one.!

IDS gets rinsed in there from some of the anonymous Tory contributors....I can't remember the exact quotes but there were some in there from ex Cabinet ministers saying things like he's not that bright a bloke",0.0,0.8!

574,might,So if he were to leave his lesbian wife for a man he might lose his children."!

There's something about it - New Hampshire seems to vote for somebody other than who won in Iowa.,A Giuliani '12 effort would likely emphasize his ideas on domestic policy!

The American Association of Petroleum Geologists estimates that ANWR contains at least 9.2 billion barrels of oil.!

One of my favorite books is a book of poetry from Chinese women ('The Orchid boat')- who were mostly concubines or otherwise matriarchal society.!

I consider that the Peace Movement and the Civil Rights Movement in conjunction embodied most of the more noble attributes of human striving!

If everyone else in my small town and others like it all around this great state of ours open a similar joyful envelope!

And this is where conservatives like you and Romney have really messed it up.""!

I put the words they probably said... because they are the only ones that make sense.!

I think we are.!

If you don't like the idea of being sent to a foreign land where people want to kill you!

You know what - we were possibly over there at the same time!

And that really hurts and I've had enough.!

What Fox News/Republicans don't seem to understand is that the bigger a movement gets!

I asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.!

There doesn't seem to be any novel con law question presented on these facts and it's a puzzler why the SCOTUS took the cert.!

Willis says some of this water is apparently coming from a recent increase in the melting rate of glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica.!

You wrote about the traditional priest:Thus",0.0,1.0!

5682,much,I believe that the president has too much ego to allow himself to be a total puppet"!

Third..There is a 2 week policy at our store and at almost all stores I know of [though Foot Solutions is a franchise so I can't really speak for them all] and it is not special for anyone unfortunately...the pedorathist that trained me are from Texas and trained at the Austin!

How could I be expected to resist a title like that.!

I don't believe it!

Sounds like the Communists are invading and drilling on American terra firma and I didn't even know it.!

In 1976 when Carter signed the amnesty for those that went to Canada my father tells me that he knows my stance in the past but now I should be mad as hell.!

I don't know much about his politics or his achievements!

We have some temps that make great money with us.!

My mum had a go at me about curtains a few weeks back.This makes me think if i tell them something medical she will blame me for it!

As I feel a child should when they become an adult and start working.!

HUCKABEE: I would love to know more - what I know is troubling enough.!

A friend of mine is very involved in conservative politics and one day sent a bunch of pro-voucher tweets about how parents know what's best!

I asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.!

i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that.!

I think all the chaos took place in Bangkok & not anywhere else in Thailand.!

By the way i live in Central London...i know what im talking about.!

Nixon quickly closed the port of Haiphong by mining it and in a brief intensive bombing campaign exhausted the air defenses around Hanoi - in the last days we could fly anywhere at will without much opposition.!

so looks like i am thinking too much this morning.!

You may have been one of the bombers!

If it happens I think it will be when the US public supports the idea to a degree that the administration would not be able to put much pressure on Israel.!

If I may say...sounds like you mom has a control issue!

I always think the twee starters/roast dinner/fake-looking pudding type menu is very peculiar when you remember that most couples would probably sit down to something totally different in almost any other situation!!

If a honeymoon is really important to you!

We inherited built-in increases in entitlement spending I believe was the popular refrain.""!

This is about a family and their grief first and religion!

She spoke fluent French and all that!

I am not sure (will check with father tomorrow if he remembers) but I believe that my first memory dates from approx.!

So I'm not much help.!

And we all know why the FAUX NEWS zombies are searching for BRAINS!!

I just feel like its really NONE of their business to open their mouths!

Sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!!

Nor should the jury be interpreting the nature and scope of the tort - again!

I guess this is what you wanted me to respond to.!

Don't tell me you didn't know that THIS was coming up.!

So it is indeed possible the air has warmed but the ocean has not.!

For people who say that I do not know what they think,you sure do a poor job of attempting to demonstrate that I am wrong!

Africans would be better served by the EU removing it's protectionist food tariffs and agricultural subsidies and the rest of the world paying them a fair price for their abundant natural resources rather than cutting deals with the dictators who have kept parts of the continent in chaos since the end of (direct) European occupation after world war IIIt isn't just some crazy ironic twist of fate that the majority of the worlds precious metals and stones come from Africa and yet it has so many of the poorest and most violent countries!

other then looks like we may need an induction!

Here's the 4th Circuit decision if you haven't read it.!

i think its pretty safe to say that our histories/experiences color our vision and understanding of the world we live in and that seems to me to be espeicially true of those of us coming of age in the 60's.!

Originally Posted by Laurawhittersi agree it annoys me how people think that the BNP are just pure rasists there not they just want to keep england english.!

TaliwillowAre there any flowers which in your mind connect the pair of you - for example if he used to call you buttercup then your grandmother would probably find a bunch of buttercups a nicer!

But I'm not sure the professor knew what intellectual means.""!

My most memorable direct contact with such advocates was when they dropped garbage and worse on the decks of our carriers sailing out of the Golden Gate for tours of duty in WestPac and the Gulf of Tonkin.!

My OH is a bit luckier in that he is only 25 but I know he worries about money and would like to have more of it!

[g)]The thing i find most disturbing is that Tony is apparently considering to 'sign' the UK over to the french and germans!

I haven't found the nerve to ask my aunt about it.!

Just as I am sure you didn't create a massacer of innocent villagers over there like William Calley did!

Then he turned around and signed a nearly $1 trillion un-stimulating succubus package and an omnibus bill with 1!

They think that the Stop Snitchin' campaign has something to do with it.!

They seem to have completley forgotten about tainememan spr.!

I try not to assume I fully understand those I encounter!

so medical wise there is nothing that would make the dr think that there will be problems.!

Here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.!

I find it interesting that you probscribe your personal values to practically everybody.""!

I would support spending twice as much if it were NEEDED.!

But I can understand how some might have found it insensitive.!

The story of the fire in the shirt factory in North Carolina sounds very much like a well-known incident that occurred in New York (or was it Boston) in the late 19th century.!

i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.!

I can forecast that it may rain tomorrow!

It's extremely valuable for Democrats to be able to campaign in black neighborhoods while talking about the white boys running the Republican Party.""!

Not that it matters to themso much as the fact that the Us government does not think it's a good idea.!

The church.... Not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.!

There is a certain logic to the idea that nations should keep their affairs internal and should not meddle in the domestic disputes of others.""!

And it gets worse - hundreds of skimmers sit idle...___Ken Marrero alerted me to this video of Florida Senator George LeMieux alerting the world that there are hundreds of oil skimmers across the country and the federal government has refused to allow them to be transferred to the Gulf to help in the cleanup because - get this - there may be an oil spill somewhere else and they might be needed there.!

You can also contact companies like Motts and tell them you will only buy their products if they use USA apples.!

It takes a little time to get use to walking in them but I got the ones that are 15 degrees or a little less as each stile is diffrent.!

Yucca Mountain was geologically studied for dangerous seismic faults that could rupture storage and cause dangerous ground water leakage of nuclear or hot wastes.!

There's a different sort of blood libel.!

Makes me feel all festive.!

Just as some who might otherwise have died were too strong willed to let it happen.!

I think he lives in one of the surrounding areas.!

And I truly LOATHE people who think just because they're older than me they own the world...OR those who say!

I think Katrina made him fall.!

The U.S. Marshalls are perhaps not the worst pigs (see the article on John T. Williams shooting)!

Sadly I think she knows I wont be giving her grandchildren!

I think the expulsion of Arafat may bring that on.!

Who said anything about the CSI program!

You can read about the case below.!

www.crimelibrary.comi read this long ass story with all the facts and letters and shit they know about him and his victims...interesting stuff.!

I also remember the carpeting in that house!

Captain Leo Skurnik (who as a medic saved several German lives)!

You can't fix the situation on your own but a professional might be able to help you come to terms with things so that you feel able to keep the door open as it were!

It's like being against hammers.!

I don't think so.!

Nixon quickly closed the port of Haiphong by mining it and in a brief intensive bombing campaign exhausted the air defenses around Hanoi - in the last days we could fly anywhere at will without much opposition.!

I was recently thinking I should know more about the Sudan!

The unemployment rate with the full measure of discouraged workers is reported at Shadow Government Statistics : Home Page as about 23%!

lol)its hormones that make it feel worse.!

The only reason I'm not as confident that there's something about the birth certificate... is because I know the Clintons well!

It's kind of scary but the thing is he wants to be caught!

It's not like in my day when we would have to say that we're phoning mummy!!

No wonder you wingnuts like him.!

[O]ne thing that I do know is his having grown up in Kenya!

I know him personally!

It was during my tenure at COMPHIBPAC that I learned the most about what I know about Viet Nam.!

I didn't read the article.!

Denying that is like a redneck denying the Civil War was about slavery.!

The lack of consideration given to non-initiated children would seem to agree with other archaic traits like matriarchy to make this a very ancient culture.""!

These new restrictions fall most heavily on young!

While the OWSers are entitled to make their point about income inequality and greed!

because it didn't look like I'd seen!

(It's a bit off topic; but I think I'd also like to see that money come from a healthy Death Tax.!

Good luck... gotta love the people who insist on helping you when it could be easier to do it yourself... Not like you can just play with the kids while she cooks dinner...Hope you get through your list!""!

I think you're missing the entire point.!

She moved it up because during my appt she did check me to see if i was dialated any and she said I was only dialated about a fingertip and so she went ahead and scheduled me to come in saturday at 8pm so I could start receiving medicine to open me up some more otherwise when they give me pictocin the labor would proably be long...so there gonna start the medicine saturday night to open me and then sunday morning give me the actual pictocin to make me go into labor...ladies..im freaking out...im so nervous/scared...this is my first pregnancy but im just so emotional and idk worried about everything...oh yeah and im getting induced because im diabetic.!

Plus I don't think I can sell my property during my IVA (I will double check this) as I will need to release some equity during the final year.!

I did nto believe this story as the guy lives 10 miles out in the countryside and son works 2 minutes from my house.!

I think the history of the Tory party is very interesting especially this period!

We would like to have a honeymoon at some point this year!

[g)]NjorlI don't think governemnts should get involved in the religious lives of individuals.!

Now he has been charged EVERYONE has got something to say about it!

Men outnumber women in the camp somewhere between 5 to 1 and 10 to 1.!

I am not sure what is out there (many more knowledgeable people than I post here) but if you stress to the GP exactly how bad it is on your worst days then he or she may be able to get you some urgent help.!

It used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials.!

It is his money to spend how he likes anyway.!

So the buildup of heat on Earth may be on a brief hiatus.!

It could of been better but I admit I was lazy and didn't really work at it.!

I think it's a real shame on the part of our Government for treating them like this.!

I have been on meds (citalopram) in the past but they make me feel really weird and I don't like taking them.!

IMO it is completely unethical!

We should have monuments for him.!

My Mum is 80 and lives with my Dad (88) in a little flat around 5 miles away from me.!

(Note: I've read the Executive Summary but haven't had a chance to read the full study or evaluate the methodology used.)!

It is unfair to those who really are seeking employment.!

Thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality.!

The visit was so rough that after she left I called home to let my dad know to never send her to me for that long again without my permission!

My husband has been going through courts trying to see his daughter for the past 8 years and basically most judges will want the children to have stability!

Just like they thought the hi-tech lynching of Clarance Thomas was wrong 7 years earlier.""!

Such people aren't capable of rational thought and only understand violence.!

However we are just about to start 'Performance Related Pocket Money' the performance is the school spellings and maths test!

So the programs which model global warming in a computer say the temperature of the Earth's lower atmosphere should be going up markedly!

She really enjoys it and wouldn't get out much otherwise.!

Things seem much calmer now but you never know.!

I'm sure the cartoonists think they are all terribly ironic!

They were a part of life and could be found in most walks of life - including Naval Aviation ('tho one had to look for them in some circles) Apart from skin color they were like us - no big deal (I'm Irish - it was the Italians we hated).!

I know I'm just a mere human!

It said something like this: We're having race riots and protests and eventually all those things will simmer down!

Your father is a grown man and maybe he has heard this as well but if he is really happy where is the harm.!

You could look for a good interest rate for him and maybe suggest you can sign as well in case of emergencies then you can keep a check.!

We made up a list of what I should tackle first some of which I will do tonight as some is needed for tomorrow.!

I could feel them work my legs but they said this happens.!

I'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling!

I just feel like she does not understand that I am almost supporting everyone right now.!

But again totally different argument.!

I'm not sure why James Stewart did not have a permit.!

Really... um I'm kind of pissed.!

well Quebec is the most pacifist province and anti-american province in Canada!

It may be the sadest most disgusting thing I have ever read.!

I have called in sick when I wasn't Cat...not often but I have done it.!

I can't imagine that you would have any rights to the marital home.!

Only six percent of posters will read that entire article.!

Hmmm - I know it is a deviation from a thread about execution - but I am nonetheless stunned by what seems to be a casual assumption that the penalty ought to be a choice between execution and prison for life.!

I somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first (or second) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010.!

ImmieI haven't really seen anyone make that either/or distinction.!

Some of you are statistically likely to do so - most!

countries that will be ruled by few or more generation old foreigners that didn't really have to change anything to adapt and be somewhat British.!

Originally Posted by Jing_jingMaybe before complaining about immigrants not speaking English!

Obviously spending this much time and this many resources to bust people selling dairy products is silly.!

Perhaps Rice could impress American journalists if she talked more about her accessorizing.!

By about 1pm I was in active labor and my son was born at 6:27pm that same day.!

unfortnaly they are often the ones in power; some of them even seem to want to make the eu into a new babylon.!

We need more presidents like him.!

Houses could constructed using autmation as well!

Not sure if he truly meant it or was trying to make me feel better - but it did work.!

That means 830 admired someone ELSE.!

I could get behind that.!

Every single person who is assuming Zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.!

I also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their 'life plan' than I am.!

I've lost any sense of what's appropriate and too much when it comes to talking about this.!

He could not work for 10 years due to how bad his body suffered.!

I agree that you need to see the gp and try some counselling.!

I do not believe that anyone can successfully argue that this man was not mentally disturbed.!

I think my realization that under the present system health care is provided on the basis of one's wealth came about when I went to a private hospital that did not take Medicaid to pick up a newborn being placed for adoption (that child's grandparents were well insured) and I noticed they had valet parking.!

There is an anxiety about wanting to help!

More like a muppet with Bush's arm stuck up his arse.!

I just remember tumbling down.!

My tales are true - do you doubt my patriotism also - many have because I don't believe the way they do.!

I must say convincing me that our incivility to each other played any kind of a part in this will take a miracle.!

What are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this.!

It's like having a Presbyterian president in Italy.!

And I like his plan for his first Executive Order as President to be abolishing all czars in the federal government.""!

Seriously... with all this bullshit about Harry Reid saying negro!

He stated that Al Sharpton a self made man from the streets like me was joining.....at which time co-host Greg Kelly interjected (twice) that like Al Sharpton""!

Here in Yellowknife there is a reservation by the old town and you don't need to see the teepee to know you've crossed some kind of border.!

I think if I really knuckled down and saved and scrimped and lived a very meagre life!

Perhaps you have tendinitis near the armpits (feels like shoulder pain).!

He stated that Al Sharpton a self made man from the streets like me was joining.....at which time co-host Greg Kelly interjected (twice) that like Al Sharpton""!

I guess that's liberals' idea of a competent black woman.""!

Just like that.!

I viewed life as a bit of a struggle - for everyone.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

ABC did quite a bit of coverage this morning with Christianne Omanpour.!

The cathlic church could cure cancer and hand out the cure for free!

Kansas judge again backs defense in abortion shooting - USATODAY.comWICHITA (AP) - A Kansas judge has again refused to block a confessed abortion clinic killer from arguing in court that he should be spared a murder conviction because he believed he was saving unborn children.!

Being angry should help you a bit!

(please read the communist manifesto on Hippy.com)What you are referring to is Oligarchy:Oligarchy: rule by a few members of a community or group.!

Wiki is easy enough to update - should the share percentage have changed!

I notice it just as much on these forums as I do anywhere else on the internet.!

Dick CheneyPeople are saying he did a lot of bad things like shooting a guy in the face",1.0,0.8!

6683,could,After asking about 5 times on what I could bring she finally told me pumpkin pie because she was making everything else."!

I think it's quite sad that there's such a huge wedding industry these days and most people seem to feel the ONLY way to get married is to have a massively expensive party for dozens of people.""!

I don't know if this goes for people generally!

That should have been it but the parents of the boy weren't satisfied and then ONLY because Treyvon is black and they thought Zimmerman was white!

my memoriesI think I may have a terrible memory because the earliest I can remember is around the time I was in Kindergarten.!

I mean this in a loving way mg...I'm glad you can come here and talk about this....but.....you are a grown up!

Hmm... looking at the graph I think you have a good point there!

[g)]NjorlI don't think governemnts should get involved in the religious lives of individuals.!

I read through the entire label on one bottle (Motts) and could not find anything to indicate where the apple juice was from.!

Have tried reading round but searching the word will on google brings everything but will and testamentAnyone who has been in this kind of position plse let me know how you went about everything and what we need to dothanksbitsandbobsHi!

I wrote in my journal that it felt like I had a leather mask on my head.!

The political reasons seem unlikely to me because lots of soldiers including many much much higher up than him have spoken out.!

First yours about Georgia!

Nothing that I have read in this interaction leads me to believe anyone is exaggerating except maybe you.!

I still like you!

IDS gets rinsed in there from some of the anonymous Tory contributors....I can't remember the exact quotes but there were some in there from ex Cabinet ministers saying things like he's not that bright a bloke",1.0,0.8!

6391,feel,Most people feel unintelligent and awkward when they first get to uni- you're definitely not alone there."!

It's sick how many people read stories like this and then make a joke in order to get rep. A little deaf girl was a slave to a family for 10 years; it's not funny.!

You say that I have know way of knowing what you think!

I currently have maybe $18K US.!

5) That dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- I think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.",1.0,1.0!

3424,think,They would certainly benefit from trade with the USA and I think the current situation in Iraq has given them a good scare."!

And this is where conservatives like you and Romney have really messed it up.""!

I'm not sure about any of those.!

Not sure why this just popped into my head but i though i'd share.!

I just feel like I am already tied down with kids!!

im not championing the idea that i like taxes!

unfortnaly they are often the ones in power; some of them even seem to want to make the eu into a new babylon.!

The great challenge is to create a system that gives our elected officials reasons to look past their differences and find common ground if their initial party positions fail to garner sufficient support.!

There is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.!

On most manufactored products!

She would rather by food and I understand this as she has been brought up that spoiling yourself is done via food.!

I miss her so so much!

When you have people hesitant to undergo simple tests like a CT scan because they're afraid they'll lose their life savings - even when the trade off is a chance of death; your system is barbaric!

Here's an novel idea:If you don't like the idea of being shot at!

- Obama has made good on most of his campaign promises (as reported by PolitiFact).!

Whenever he acted out with someone new I would say!

If you are usually really good about it i dont see why it would hurt if you called out sick for this one weekend.!

I think there is a broader view of holding people accountable that your conveniently ignore with your argument.!

(As everyone already knows I'm not an economic theory marxist (at this point I reserve the right to plead ignorance on the matter) but when it comes to promoting fairness in an unfair world consider me a hardcore communist.)!

Clinton said Thursday that the issue should be debated!

men understand more then we think some times.!

Yes- this is what happens when you don't read responses.!

What annoyed me the most about these campaigners was the EXTREMELY aggressive approach they were taking.!

I even got pissed off with letters from both parties in the post D:I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

The life they could have had if my dad never became ill.!

If this is really true!

I really encourage you to read the ones I've posted.!

Meditation and exercise are really helpful!

If they can create a flouride that makes people communists surely they can come up with some kind of drug that destroys the sex thing.!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

If your Dick falls off because you catch something because you put is some place you should not have!

He finds a man who adores him and loves his children as his own flesh and blood.!

Usually free speech cases like these take a long time to rule on and do not have split decisions.!

I am wary about doing this as I am unable to find the letter that agreed to me letting out my flat.!

TUC leader tells government to get its act togetherThe TUC general secretary today accused the government of creating self-inflicted wounds over its failure to protect vulnerable workers and its controversial approach to public service reform.""!

There are apparently several options - keep them frozen (in which future viability of the embryo is not a given)!

I'm sure your overjoyed at this decision!

I told him I had a lot of respect for his son and his was doing the right thing - but he didn't know why.!

So the other armed forces than USA occasionally commit human rights abuses of various degrees!

Because EVERY intelligent person looks to a man's EX-WIFE for the truth about him.""!

Ok I just want to respond to a couple things said within this thread.!

That is one investment that will most certainly pay off.!

Heteros are frightened that they might have to share marriage with gays and lesbians.!

Even the American Revolution didn't change that dynamic very much; central bankers don't really have to worry about who's elected to office as long as the private creation and allocation of credit remains safely in their hands.!

If you want to talk historically about how people get nominated president - there are probably some exceptions to this - you've got to win one of the first two [contests]!

As well as what you said about allowing people to have more babies etc some charities are poorly managed and corrupt and money is stolen or wasted by charity owners and local warlords!

China has taken over almost 80% of the apple market and if we don't stop they will soon have 100%.!

I remember all of furniture details!

You must also think leprosy and smallpox are very likable.!

It's very difficult to manage without someone who was so important in our lives.!

they may actually be protecting us!

I've found that it hides all the bits I'm not so confident about but still allowing for a bit of fun iykwim.!

When a mass exodus of staffers makes a presidential candidate feel liberated - then someone is out of touch with reality and my money is on the Newt!""!

So we open-up a few token off-shore areas by the President""!

No - it's about how many more gallons of oil the Obama administration and federal government are allowing to wash up on American shores...!

But most of the people i speak to and even most politions are aware that their is a problem with them.!

Tia is correct that a proper pillow can really help.!

Unfortunately security is a general problem not only with Russia!

It is possible that Powell sold his soul to the devil like the rest of them.!

i have no idea what the school should do in that situation (and i bet there isn't any policy to cover that).!

I don't know if this goes for people generally!

You know what teenagers are like!

There are lovely blokes out there who dont give a toss about physical appearance in that way.!

It is a matter of establishing yourself with one who sees your differential...whatever it may be.!

I guess that's the most probable future.!

If you don't like it!

I feel the only difference is that he got drunk and got violent towards me!

Obama: The Budget Control Act that I signed into law last month will cut annual Government spending by about $1 trillion over the next 10 years.",1.0,0.8!

945,like,you say left socialists" like it's an insult lol.""!

Everybody else got so fed up of asking me to go out and me saying no that I think they just gave up on me.!

It is clearly a very general statement.!

Instead of getting a fair amount for seized assets!

That's about ten percent of the US population!

I remember walking around the corner of my house!

I don't even know if they will know if he has passed away or not.. so that may very well come back with nothing.!

I understand what the guys did - and I understand the guys - because they were basically pathetic wounded babies!

They have a house out there (and i seem to remember she complained about having such a long mortgage left on it.. despite being in her 60s and my dad being 59 when he passed - would a bank give them a mortgage THAT long at such an age with very decent salaries (stepmum = self employed psychologist.!

They are run down garbage everywhere with people just sitting about doing nothing.!

I don't think the school is doing itself any favours by not communicating with parents straight away.!

The welfare state is crumbling in a few big cities however!

I always think the twee starters/roast dinner/fake-looking pudding type menu is very peculiar when you remember that most couples would probably sit down to something totally different in almost any other situation!!

Update: Girl did have contact with officials when she arrived in the UK and could not understand them.!

[g)]The thing i find most disturbing is that Tony is apparently considering to 'sign' the UK over to the french and germans!

I guess there are dozens of programs for girls!

But don't let a little thing like 'facts' get in the way of a good rant.!

But then it became all about the Entitlement attitude.!

No real harm was done so I don't think they should be punished.!

More often than not OWS protestors are targeting their peers on the street rather than anyone who has committed any actual wrong doing.!

If it sounded like an insult or talking down to anyone I apologize it was meant more as if you haven't a background in the subject how could you realize all the impacts.!

To put all of the blame on Obama/democrats for America's troubles shows that you really do not know much about these American issues.!

Please don't think this sounds harsh....but we only have your side of the story.!

I don't know much about his politics or his achievements!

I assume you are referring to the imaginary surplus created by the voodoo economics of the Slick Willy administration.!

Now the Space-shuttle program is going tits up thanks to him so we're pretty much out of the space business.!

I think the guys on the debt free wannabe board will be helpful on this front!

There are a hell of a lot of us that are done with the idea of tweaking rates for the benefit of some and the detriment of others.!

I remember slugs on the porch and a batman birthday party.!

I remember my mother rocking me!

I emailed Kevin Barrett about some errors he made in a presentation.!

Just as some who might otherwise have died were too strong willed to let it happen.!

Something that I might add has NEVER HAPPENED before in the history of this country and they damn well could have done since they controlled BOTH HOUSES of Congress for the first 2 years Obama has been in office.!

It might persuade a few people to rethink their position.!

I can't believe that the truth is so new to you!

so i have been looking around for somewhere else.!

I've been following his website postings about the legislation he would propose as President.!

Unless you are able to navigate the laws around wills and intestacy in the US (and they could differ from state to state) you are most likely going to make yourselves very!

i didnt know acne could be controlled with condoms!

I just feel like my life is kind of over.!

We're almost completely bankrupt as a country because greedy unions and other lazy far left communist organisations have pushed our wages so high that we're uncompetitive globally.!

Kind of like America!

I think its perfectly legitimate for these groups of people to be denied EU freedom of movement rights because strictly speaking they're not Europeans (despite being British).!

If this is the kind of marksmanship we can expect from concealed carriers!

It's probably somebody he's arresting!!

What a bunch of lazy mongs!

out geographic and urbanization settings are set up much different than more of Europe.!

We made up a list of what I should tackle first some of which I will do tonight as some is needed for tomorrow.!

The ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.!

I don't really know what is up but I'm super mad about it.!

You probably think most all human suffering is just some big joke - all of it!

It became a big story with many different people making many different claims about aliens!

Zimbabwe used to be stable until the Brits left and Mugabe went mental and started killing and exiling the minority white people as some sort of 'get back' plan.!

No-one is disputing that foreigners work very hard; indeed they often show that they are hard workers.!

justice is sometimes a matter of simply!

I'd also like to pardon all those comedians who kept making fun of the way I talk.!

Being unkind to yourself will only make you feel worse- be kind to yourself and get some help.!

Now I know we all face equivalent limits.!

For the so called oldest political party you would think there would be a few more books.""!

Have tried reading round but searching the word will on google brings everything but will and testamentAnyone who has been in this kind of position plse let me know how you went about everything and what we need to dothanksbitsandbobsHi!

I know what's in your from the combination of what you say and what you do not say.!

long story shorter - I've since met a lovely bloke and he has never commented on my overhang (and I'm still completely paranoid about it).!

And if I think I can be helpful running!

I think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old.!

I know I don't want to be in this relationship.!

Finding out what kind of research was a different matter altogether - I couldn't find anything on it -- yet.!

I'm not talking about this year!

I do not know as much about murderers in the USA!

I can't find anything to support her claim that foreign ships have been there since the rig exploded.!

he should be courteous to your home and keep it clean!

We don't know her history as she was a stray when someone gave her to us.!

It might hurt a little initially!

I think you really need a serious talk with him if/when he comes back tell him a few home truths and then you can truly move forward if you want to.!

(Yes heteros sometimes abuse their children) After a while he finds out that his new wife is a lesbian and does not love him.!

Yea i think good honest people were there at the start of the Movement.!

It was never anything major and probably happened less than 5 times in the first year of our relationship.!

There is no possible way the CBO's or any of the various blogs cited numbers here can work.!

My mum had a go at me about curtains a few weeks back.This makes me think if i tell them something medical she will blame me for it!

(Or seem to by not just saying it doesn't.)!

It reads in part:Learn from Real People like you and me!

(please read the communist manifesto on Hippy.com)What you are referring to is Oligarchy:Oligarchy: rule by a few members of a community or group.!

I don't know you!

i am really not happy with the fact i may have to wait another 2 months for all of this stuff!

It's probably somebody he's arresting!!

(It's a bit off topic; but I think I'd also like to see that money come from a healthy Death Tax.!

It might persuade a few people to rethink their position.!

But I do hope that the news of his death brings some closure to the 9/11 victims..it's been a tough ride for them..and for all of usWhen will people realise that governments!

Some might go so far as to say GOP policies resulted in the December 2007 recession; I won't make that claim but it's certainly damning evidence.!

I think the issue is a matter of extremes; too high a minimum wage will hurt the poor for reasons OBill explained.!

This wave of changes may sharply tilt the political terrain for the 2012 election.!

I do hope that you can find some comfort soon xxxYou're not stupid!!

Everyone should have a right to work.!

It may not have been common!

In 1976 when Carter signed the amnesty for those that went to Canada my father tells me that he knows my stance in the past but now I should be mad as hell.!

The only nation seemingly interested in stopping the slaughter in Cambodia was the new communist government of Vietnam.!

There are a great many very fertile grounds for speculative research on why the Europeans started largely in last place 1500 years ago!

When a group of people believe something is very different from what the media and the government tell them it is!

If you don't like the idea placing yourself in danger!

I was really surprised at how much it actually helped to alleviate the discomfort and pain.!

I also have memory (but this one is not that clear) about my dad and me walking on completely frozen river that is near that house - that happened last time January 1977th (last time that river was so frozen that you could walk on it)!

Having no acting skills and very little talent Maher is becoming passe' and he doesn't like it.!

Salomon Klass is perhaps the most notable!

She said that someone should MURDER a sitting USSC justice.!

I'm the first not to put my mother on a pedestal but she was a loved lady who would walk across the country to help someone if needed.!

The vote for gay marriage is about to happen in Maine.!

i would think that the school has strict guidelines to stick to as to what they can and can't do or say in a situation like this.!

I had a chance to do a little reading on the subject yesterday.!

It wasn't always like that.!

If people don't like something and can't live here!

Looking at his 59 points it seems pretty clear to me that Mitt is basically concerned about continuing with business as usual along with reducing the social safety net for poor Americans and reducing necessary regulation of businesses and the financial sector.!

this has to come out like yesterday.!

That was a weird feeling and I still can't feel 100% back there.!

That's an interesting side issue that may be addressed.!

He seemed ok when talking about Islam...but then when I found out about his attitude of no muslim would ever kill people!",0.0,0.9!

770,know,I sure as hell know ZIMMERMAN has no civil rights complaint."!

I dont think you are wrong at all.!

I suppose it's against the rules for Democrats to question these things...I understand just blaming Bush is the simplest of answers!

Its not controversial in the least like the first Zeitgeist film was.!

I emailed Kevin Barrett about some errors he made in a presentation.!

And it gets worse - hundreds of skimmers sit idle...___Ken Marrero alerted me to this video of Florida Senator George LeMieux alerting the world that there are hundreds of oil skimmers across the country and the federal government has refused to allow them to be transferred to the Gulf to help in the cleanup because - get this - there may be an oil spill somewhere else and they might be needed there.!

I'm really rather despondent about the state of urban public education!

I just don't know where the school should be on this!

I think Newt has been the most accurate and forthright.!

I have not heard about any kind of Will relating to my dad.!

Sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok!

I know my mother despised the sloppiness of the old woman.!

this same question applies to the following:Mortgage providers(2)Credit Card companies (3)Personal Loan provider (1 personal loan)Banks (2)ThanksYou have no obligation to inform any of the institutions mentioned anything about your current circumstances.!

My limited use and the big jump in price meant that it really isn't worth me getting a family saloon like the Passat or a 3-series.!

I didn't know if he wanted to be buried or cremated!

PS The Passat's a very nice car too but I've gone off it a bit since it's been broken into twice!

It is likely only a matter of time until he hurts someone else.!

My grandad passed away very suddenly over the weekend and we expect his funeral to be late next week.!

We could go tit for tat over and over.!

Helps that I'm sort of in the trade but I don't like the idea of depreciation all that much and this is one good way to almost completely avoid it.!

I would call and double check and see when they usually see clients for the first time.!

Perhaps jotting down conversations or chats will help with your grieving and make you feel like you're communicating with her.!

I know  ive been reading alot about them and asking people I know that have had them how they are..it sounds scary :/I feel for you mama!

I've argued before (to the outrage of some) that we should always assume people want to donate their organs and make them sign something if they DON'T want to.!

I'm sure your overjoyed at this decision!

USA is maybe close to this idea!

What I find fascinating is..Palin came in fourth!

Wry has pretty much already told me in this thread that doing things charitably is meaningless!

But it's also possible that something more mysterious is going on.!

Do that a few times and these people might start to behave better.""!

This is something I do all day long and while I'm at home I like to not think about work so much.!

I realize that we adapt to whatever situation but I don't want to be the last one standing and can't imagine what that must be like.!

I do understand some of the hardships in recent memory that need to overcome such as the stolen generation and residential schools.!

It apparently would not be an issue for the Jews to not wear their cap as recently!

He stated that Al Sharpton a self made man from the streets like me was joining.....at which time co-host Greg Kelly interjected (twice) that like Al Sharpton""!

actually i think the thing that gets most farmers through another year of misery is the oil leasesthe two famers i talk to the most also work for the post office in order to keep the damn things goingmy cat litter farm is the prizewinner!!

You're talking about White House press releases.!

Just remember he loves you.!

I think a lot more people feel the same way as you do!

For people who say that I do not know what they think,you sure do a poor job of attempting to demonstrate that I am wrong!

What is so wrong with that do to Jesse's efforts some benefits were paid by the company and the state relented and released some money too.!

Some places like Relate charge for counselling but on a sliding scale.!

And some of them require lots of paper work from the doctor to justify every time it is due for refill.!

It's scary to know he's still out there but I'm not really concerned because he's old and all i have to do is kick him in the hip.....It was funny though because the day the news reported him back pepper spray sold out....People are freaking..!

But I very much doubt there was a conspiracy by the Bush admin.!

I have been on meds (citalopram) in the past but they make me feel really weird and I don't like taking them.!

In my specific case several medications I take I can not get at the military hospital because they are not on the list of approved medications so instead I have to use the Tricare system and pay my share rather then get them for free.!

Please keep in mind swearing must be completely masked in the public sections of the forum.!

There are apparently several options - keep them frozen (in which future viability of the embryo is not a given)!

Just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.!

If we could only learn from our mistakes!!

my memoriesI think I may have a terrible memory because the earliest I can remember is around the time I was in Kindergarten.!

I'm all for campaigning but I think that this was really a step too far.!

No one really wants to talk about anythiing else.!

People who believe that it is a cover up also think the movie Independence Day is a documentary.""!

I think it's quite sad that there's such a huge wedding industry these days and most people seem to feel the ONLY way to get married is to have a massively expensive party for dozens of people.""!

There are many people acting like this entire scandal is about nothing more than malicious efforts to bring down Penn State because of how awesome they are.!

The fact that you fell off a trampoline might mean you fractured something.!

The justice system is a farce and we all know it.!

Interesting material girl...and I understand your thinking.!

But my main goal in writing to you is to prevent PayPal from ordering the destruction of violins and other antiquities that they know nothing about.!

The Muslim Community Center in NYC that has been termed the Ground Zero Mosque is not a monument of Muslim victory but rather a place of worship that American Muslims would like to build and according to our own Constitution they have the right to build it if they own the property.!

I already posted I believe from Politico why 'Fact Check' made when of its rare mistakes regarding the Jones Act.!

I agree that people in Aboriginal communities need to help themselves if they are going to have a decent standard of living and helping themselves usually involves leaving the dust bowls where they live for somewhere where there is economic opportunity.!

I was just getting fed up and not sure if I could deal with her and having a baby soon.!

Willis says some of this water is apparently coming from a recent increase in the melting rate of glaciers in Greenland and Antarctica.!

Moving on...What is Limbaugh's or Beck's intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the Obama administration""!

I was told that humans are very caring and that unlike animals we can tell by facial expression how the other person is feeling so to imagine for 10 yrs that they could do this without giving a s*** and even feeling a bit of guilt/remorse is very very upsetting sometimes i have to convince myself us humans are caring and intelligent but tbh i cant see a difference between us and animals.!

The story that a soldier related to Larry King about how he died is now known to be a false.!

I myself have never read up on Syria beyond what the newspapers tell me - and they've told me barely anything.!

One girl had a mega phone and was shouting things like 'If you vote no the BNP will get in' etc.!

I know what a stress and misery I am for my family to be around!

Poor DH nearly sent her back on a plane after day 2.!

It only means that insurance would be structured like Medicare...Medicare is an insurance plan!

I believe there were similar sentiments some decades ago against blacks!

One of the things in this hare-brained rant that really gripes me!

After that I completely lost respect for him!

BB has been killed in Rawapindi Pakistan about an hour ago.!

MIL has come a few times - the most recent to specifically help out while I was in the hospital.!

But not anything about the move.!

Other estimates show that ANWR probably contains as much as 16 billion barrels!

I think they went over the top in what they did to her.,Civil debate!

We had a saying in my squadron about excessively colorful combat stories!

She can't stand for very long so no longer does much cooking and she is spending much of the day reading!

some people are so sick!!!!

I do not want to be tight in such circumstances but if I'm honest I think my Grandad would give me a right telling off if he thought I was going to spend that much money on flowers anyway.!

It seems like every time I make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little bitch.""!

I still think for this reason alone it will be remanded for a new trial with instructions no matter what the outcome!

They're faced with bloody horrific in your face proof that they're wrong and they ask silly childish questions about millisecond anomolies.!

I wasn't re-writing anything.....There were a lot of people making lots of noise about the excessive spending!

Just can't lift anything of much weight or open cans so I'll have to help.!

That was also about a blow job!

I spoke to the class teacher and she was very understanding as she knows there are problems with him.!

And one thing that I do know is his having grown up in Kenya - his view of the Brits!

You're not talking about current events.!

Not much there that looks admirable to me even in retrospect.!

Mmm I'd say that's pretty reasonable...!...I've come off milk and dairy stuff now coz of suspected lactose intolerance.....it's a pain in the a**...but my shoulder pain has mysteriously gone away...it does come back occasionaly when I'm really stressed out...but only mildly and only for a little while....Touch wood....!....but anyway...yeah...blah blah blah...Honey_rose_crStart carrying your bag in your arms like a baby or get one of those bags that are more like suitcases.!

There is no reason to assume Syria might not become the next flash-point in the Middle East!

This was about 1 month ago.!

I don't believe you can defensibly assert that the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia was a result of 'Nixon's expansion of the war'.!

Boy's electrocution was 'preventable' - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)At the same time other communities are left without proper infrastructure like Attawapiskat but as I just learnt on the news they have been allocated 80 million since 2006.!

Jails are filled with them and the life expectancy is much lower than the rest of both countries.!

I just don't feel comfortable with expanding IIED that far!

careI think Sinatra unsubscribed from his own thread.!

As many as one in four African-Americans don't have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.!

Nations like Russia!

He may own more now.!

Chinese hackers steal JSF secrets | The AustralianThere are a few things worth mentioning!

I am starting my own business and less than 1 week in look like I am well on the way to securing some clients... 4 Clients upwards and my earnings are back where they were.!

People can get welfare.. but between welfare and living ok is quite a bit of a chasm for a lot of people.!

Obamabots believe Obama doesn't lie.!

This accounts for about half of global sea level rise.!

My OH is a bit luckier in that he is only 25 but I know he worries about money and would like to have more of it!

I would love to get married but he hasn't propsed and as far as I know he isn't planning to (I understand it is on the cards at some point but no idea when)!

Bush's tax cuts for the rich cost us almost a trillion dollars of deficit spending.!

Why would I think that because you seem to be holding your self out as being more than by virtue of you commission and designation as a Naval Aviator jet jock.!

Temperatures have soared to near record levels in some eastern regions and Robertson said that was the most convincing evidence I've seen on global warming in a long time."!

2) When I said this-- I think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.",1.0,0.8!

6853,about,Sorry - Nothing funny about that - I sometimes wish I had had the opportunity to do like MLK and walk up to cops with dogs and not even flinch when getting hit or bitten."!

We now know that Tillman was planning to come out publicly in opposition to the Iraq invasion.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

Don't think they went to Tangier.!

One thing I think I've read is that we tend to actually remember the last telling!

Wednesday's decision is likely to please Turkey!

i've always worked hard for me and my son but sometimes i feel like i'm fighting a losing battle.!

But I can understand how some might have found it insensitive.!

It was really weird to see such a thing on Fox.!

He does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the US's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to.!

I never could wrap my mind around the fact that your home could be seized because you grow a few plants.!

I could feel them work my legs but they said this happens.!

Nothing that I have read in this interaction leads me to believe anyone is exaggerating except maybe you.!

Tomorrow is the State of the Union and Obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.!

MsBI think all of your options sound really expensive!!

You should be thankful and not suspicious.!

I feel like everything anyone could do to help!

I don't mean for president; I mean out of the country.!

A part of me feels as though I have to make it up to my parents.!

I think it was partially anxiety and partially because she was still in potty-training...her breed is known to be difficult and she's extremely attached to me.!

Warning - some info might be TMI.!

The lack of consideration given to non-initiated children would seem to agree with other archaic traits like matriarchy to make this a very ancient culture.""!

Should I prove successful; I know I'd rather pay a higher portion of my tax burden upon my death!

i didnt know acne could be controlled with condoms!

I did not hear from them.!

It's scary to think that he could have stood next to me in line at the movies or the store.!

The parents of the youth would go on the web site to see all the kind remarks about their child and then see the negative crap also.!

I think a lot more people feel the same way as you do!

I suggested the basic economics in it seemed some people didn't understand the basic cost/supply relationship - and many people in their thoughtful wish to help others less fortunate only correlate higher salary = more spending power without looking at the downstream impacts (or lack thereof).!

If you want to talk historically about how people get nominated president - there are probably some exceptions to this - you've got to win one of the first two [contests]!

One of the big stumbling blocks might be that people who do have to use fertility clinics don't take their fertility for granted which makes this offspring a bit more problematic emotionally.""!

It's possible the milk in question didn't qualify!

When a mass exodus of staffers makes a presidential candidate feel liberated - then someone is out of touch with reality and my money is on the Newt!""!

There's something about it - New Hampshire seems to vote for somebody other than who won in Iowa.,A Giuliani '12 effort would likely emphasize his ideas on domestic policy!

Maher: America Loves Its Troops 'The Way Michael Vick Loves Dogs' | NewsBusters.orgBill Maher may be feeling inadequate these days so he's cutting loose with another lefty rant to get his name in print.!

Half of Britons Want Blair Out This Year58% actually:Tony Blair has said he will step down as Labour party leader and prime minister well before the next general election.!

I even got pissed off with letters from both parties in the post D:I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

The idea thing makes me feel sick!

I would like to thank you for proving my point.!

Just like with the Bush tax cuts!

Just as I am sure you didn't create a massacer of innocent villagers over there like William Calley did!

That's the beauty of having the only tactic in a conflict of 'stirring the pot'; you can do pretty much anything.!

We fight all the time - but seldom really fuss.!

so looks like i am thinking too much this morning.!

I agree that people in Aboriginal communities need to help themselves if they are going to have a decent standard of living and helping themselves usually involves leaving the dust bowls where they live for somewhere where there is economic opportunity.!

But a senior U.S. administration official in Washington said it was apparently shot down by insurgents.!

I don't want to get just a standard wreath as I feel that it should be something more special as he was such a special man to me and my children.!

The recent discovery of two Toner Cartorage Bombs seemed like a great find and the world would be safer from the efforts of the authorities.""!

I never could wrap my mind around the fact that your home could be seized because you grow a few plants.!

I chose it because it was going cheap as unrecorded stolen & recovered with keys at the insurance salvage auction about a year and a half ago.!

I cried a lot and could not really understand it.!

I think Newt has been the most accurate and forthright.!

Protest zones should obviously be avoided.!

I am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information I don't care about.!

men understand more then we think some times.!

I could be wrong but I think California may have more prisons than any other state.!

You would have to see about the hours though as they won't necessarily be fulltime.!

Didnt want to read and run..((hugs)) hopefully he will come home soon and you can talk it through BUT if he doesnt- his lossSounds like my ex.!

It seems that no one ever really cared about what was happening in Sudan.!

Went to the university health clinic in my PJs basically - so I forgot my card.!

Other estimates show that ANWR probably contains as much as 16 billion barrels!

This usually occurs in growing economies.!

I know most of the world thinks Americans are insanely rich and have money to spend on anything and everything!

Ditto Thomas - My basic premise is that minimum wage (in most cases) will not have an impact - other than the possibility of people being laid off.!

There are many people acting like this entire scandal is about nothing more than malicious efforts to bring down Penn State because of how awesome they are.!

They all parrot identical words and phrases like they all memorized the same little pamphlet.!

That poor girl's life has been totally ruined by some sick and selfish people.!

You should think about picking up a smaller one.!

Am posting under a different user name as OH knows my usual one.!

I have received maybe 2 emails since that decision was made!

The visit was so rough that after she left I called home to let my dad know to never send her to me for that long again without my permission!

Telling them it is their own fault they are not rich(you buddy Cain) is just as much class warfare as anything that has been said by the OWS.!

The mercantile classes who encouraged their governments (largely the Dutch and English-the Portugese never really sought empire!

Perhaps you should realize that the main problem is it sounds like you are attacking Americans and blaming the entire problem of global warming on us and that we are the ones responsible for fixing it.!

I realize I cut to the chase and offer abrupt answers that may grate on people!

Not all - some of them are terrifying - and I wouldna wanna meet them in a dark alley - but the majority - so far.!

And stop worrying about it... Nobody believes you're worth $5M so give it up!

But that when someone who is not from here decides to reside in Britain!

http://yglesias.thinkprogress.org/ar...ath-panels.phpReal Death PanelsJonathan Cohn calls it a squeeze play, but whatever you call it there's something bizarre about watching an American conservative movement whose general goal is to have the public sector provide as little as possible to anyone!

Smart anything is a bit of a reach for him.""!

Nope...would like to go out with my boots on.!

I believe a discussion on limiting the size of weapons civilians may possess is overdue.!

I suppose that is one of the reasons I see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.!

You can read about the case below.!

I suggest you spread yourself out.!

I give him the one eyebrow up look and he tells me about this trip.!

Clearly you are too blinded by your personal selfishness and greed to see and feel the rain falling on your head from your Tea Party overlords.!

Even when it really was going about claiming to be communist china was really infact just another stalinist dictatorship.!

It is because of leftwing goobers like you that we are in danger of losing our Republic.!

I could probably afford to get much better cars than the ones I drive if I got them on finance as we have quite a bit more coming in every month than going out but the wife won't entertain finance so I have to buy them outright and there are too many bargains to pass up at the insurance auctions.!

The reports were very much what they had said.!

I'm so desperate I just don't know what to do!

If it sounded like an insult or talking down to anyone I apologize it was meant more as if you haven't a background in the subject how could you realize all the impacts.!

And I was reading an article in Time Magazine a few days after his death..they said that the tape that was retrieved bearing Al-Qaeda's confirmation that Bin laden was dead was found near the compound and had not been verified although it was assumed that it was in fact from Al-Qaeda.!

This is something I do all day long and while I'm at home I like to not think about work so much.!

Ed had a good ear for music and he had some great ideas in between the sex/drugs thing.!

We've not seen anything like it since David Cameron saw off David Davis.!

She said that someone should MURDER a sitting USSC justice.!

I actually think Lougher acted the way he did out of some sort of form of psychosis.!

Tlhe doctor told me that a painful muscle is a weak muscle and apparently she was right.!

I really should catalogue them!

I know that there is no way to ever convince everyone about stem cell research but I think this is a good argument that I haven't really heard.!

don't worry about him - he's a grown up.!

I feel SO sad for you.!

You really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying!

Nothing they propose encourages entrepreneurialism!

Which is fairly damning!

I like it because I think Davies did a good job of keeping it readable by interested non-specialists without losing the real flavor and content of the subject.!

Democrats are terrified that black people might start to notice.!

I know they are not saving and I just cant understand!!

Everything's fair game on a public board.!

(I do not recall this and deny it!)!

It also highlights some important issues.!

It's my 29th birthday in a few weeks time and over the past 6 months I have started to fret about turning 30/having to make decisions about the 'big' things in life - houses!

I can't believe I was stupid enough to buy all the tripe about what Iraq could become if we just remove the dictator.!

Inflation has been added to it and is now generally considered within the standard model but there is enough disagreement on this that the term is usually added to denote uncertainty.""!

Even today people believe that it was the US Government covering up an alien spacecraft crashing on Planet Earth.!

I think it's natural.!

Imagine if Rdean knew how to build an intelligent OPOnly six percent of posters will read that entire article.!

I haven't heard anything that makes me think that ME will shoot this down.!

And if Congress is going to be spending money on birth control regardless of whether or not you think they should!

Inflation has been added to it and is now generally considered within the standard model but there is enough disagreement on this that the term is usually added to denote uncertainty.""!

It is really appalling that the Government is denying *British* nationals the right to live!

That lasted about six months until I found myself for the first time out of composure!

I remember being surprised when visiting American politicians tried to pour scorn on him after pardoning President Nixon.!

I don't know why that stuck!!

But I can understand how some might have found it insensitive.!

And I do believe we have that power to make it happen!

Other than a few large cities like NYC!

Progressive governments exist and should continue to exist in order to protect it's citizens from the raiding and looting hordes of the multibillion dollar conglomerates and banking institutions who themselves exist in order to set up a select small population into extreme wealth and power.!

really made me question everything he had ever said.!

I don't think anyone disagreed that economics was the root of black exploitation there!

Well it could have been anyone...except Islamic fundamentalists!

I went and saw my MUM and Dad today and Dad is coming to the CAB tomorrow to get the ball moving about divorce etc.............!

He did NOT start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.!

That would have basically wiped out my life plans and ability to go to school.!

And i think most Americans are now seeing them that way too.!

I have been on meds (citalopram) in the past but they make me feel really weird and I don't like taking them.!

She went on so much that I said I would get a ew on in February.!

Some Truthers think the people on the airplanes on 9/11 are alive and rich""!

I think cutting the nonessentials would be fine...but cutting our defense budget during two wars and in essence grounding us isn't exactly very bright.!

They had no organization or organizational skills and maybe even a lack of awarness as to how many people were in the club.""!

I've argued before (to the outrage of some) that we should always assume people want to donate their organs and make them sign something if they DON'T want to.!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

What a bunch of maroons you are.!

All that remained left was to add gravity and a theory of everything could be contemplated.""!

I just happen to be a senior advertising account executive; there is little i do not know about propagandist techniques.!

We know the date this happened!

And even tho Sunni Man and I often disagree!

I personally think it would be cool!

The WBC assholes were kept a few hundred yards away!

This is probably going to be a bit of a rambling post...!

And that I definitely think you have done the right thing for both yourself and your husband.!

Actually it was about states rights to have slavery.!

I was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part.!

I guess that's the most probable future.!

Local fruits/veggies/cheese/meats as much as possible.!

I would be at the school in the morning - minus child and informing the head that until something is done about my childs safety I will not be bringing her back and that i would be informing everyone from the school governors to the LEA of this and the reasons why by letter.!

i think the fear hit us so hard cause we are near the end.!

In the end Bernard Fall may have been right.!

It's sick how many people read stories like this and then make a joke in order to get rep. A little deaf girl was a slave to a family for 10 years; it's not funny.!

Sounds a lot like what Evan Bayh said a couple of years ago.!

But don't let a little thing like 'facts' get in the way of a good rant.!

He did some good things in office so we have to give credit where credit is due.!

It may be several days before it's lifted.!

Something that I might add has NEVER HAPPENED before in the history of this country and they damn well could have done since they controlled BOTH HOUSES of Congress for the first 2 years Obama has been in office.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

I think Palin handled it fine!

It was perhaps a matter of historical hubris that we believed we could succeed in a place in which the cold dead hand of French colonialism had recently been defeated by a Communist movement that clothed itself in the rhetoric of nativism and nationalism and which had been steeled by years of combat.!

The people who control commerce have made the decision that the middle class made too much money back in the 1980's and they didn't have enough to buy all the Polo Ponies they wanted.!

Most Americans agree that there should be tax hikes on the WEALTHY!

I posted the NOAA graph to show there does seem to be a definite global trend.!

Not sure if he truly meant it or was trying to make me feel better - but it did work.!

Only a racist would think otherwise.!

I don't know what is wrong with Repubs anymore.!

I remember during the campaigns of 2000 they!

Some of you are statistically likely to do so - most!

And we got some significant things that need doing.!

I think they could at least specify the varity of apple used.!

I don't even know if they will know if he has passed away or not.. so that may very well come back with nothing.!

Tillman may not have been liked by some of his peers.!

Apparently the majority of who voted for him didn't read Dreams From My Father or even bothered to check his voting history...""!

Executors Checklist | What the Executor of a Will DoesLooks really intimidating.!

What does concern me about this is China's involvement in their space program.!

Whenever he acted out with someone new I would say!

To be fair to Hillary!

If he was just following him to make sure he didn't break into a house somewhere in the neighborhood!

My dad was a bank manager for HSBC over here for some 35 years.!

Third..There is a 2 week policy at our store and at almost all stores I know of [though Foot Solutions is a franchise so I can't really speak for them all] and it is not special for anyone unfortunately...the pedorathist that trained me are from Texas and trained at the Austin!

Neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.!

Honestly when you think about it it really does look just.. terrifying.!

He might be killed and that would be even harder on Israeli PR.!

I just don't know where the school should be on this!

She really enjoys it and wouldn't get out much otherwise.!

i would think that the school has strict guidelines to stick to as to what they can and can't do or say in a situation like this.!

He makes the other candidates sound like a bunch of kids squabbling over the last Popsicle.!

Point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the Bush deficit spending.!

It certainly does present some ethical problems.!

And I've seen variants of this line about a million times by now:I really feel sorry for people with such hate in their hearts that they feel the need to go after Papa Joe after (list professional accomplishments of Paterno).",1.0,0.6!

3163,understand,I would love to get married but he hasn't propsed and as far as I know he isn't planning to (I understand it is on the cards at some point but no idea when)"!

That I can understand as he wasn't charged until yesterday.!

OP failed to mention that she may have been raped aswell for those 10 yrs.!

She hated being dependent and her circumstances made her bitter and sometimes very hurtful!

I can't see any logical way to move forward which is probably why it gets me down so much!

I find this incredibly sexist.!

I think she is depressed...I don't know ugg!!!

It would be better if we refocused our illegal immigration efforts off the poor immigrants and onto the rich assholes who pay them under the table so they won't have to pay an American a fair wage.!

It's not a new idea of course that a combination of capitalism and communism may work better than either one alone!

We fight all the time - but seldom really fuss.!

If he doesn't like what you say!

i was a little dissappointed but could understand i guess.!

The guy(s) just wanted some money!

I was told that humans are very caring and that unlike animals we can tell by facial expression how the other person is feeling so to imagine for 10 yrs that they could do this without giving a s*** and even feeling a bit of guilt/remorse is very very upsetting sometimes i have to convince myself us humans are caring and intelligent but tbh i cant see a difference between us and animals.!

The Popular Mechanics article boldly asserts that all 9/11 conspiracy theorists believe the obvious fakes and even goes as far as to accuse those who question the government's explanation of the attacks of disgracing "the memories of the thousands who died that day."""!

I think Californias might have shown that there is a lot of support for this research.!

What I know about abolishing the czars is that they're Unconstitutional and have no business having power in our federal government!

I wish I were young and unattached for a couple of years so I could go where I need to go and do what I need to do!

MsBI think all of your options sound really expensive!!

The church.... Not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.!

Don't worry about your routine right now!

Everything you know about monopolies!

no matter how much you keep telling yourself that!

I always think the twee starters/roast dinner/fake-looking pudding type menu is very peculiar when you remember that most couples would probably sit down to something totally different in almost any other situation!!

I don't know where you stand on that!

I felt like you when I was 19!

I was really surprised at how much it actually helped to alleviate the discomfort and pain.!

Even though I would have supported the Russians against the Germans in general and especially with the German attack on Stalingrad; if I were to have crossed into Finland I probably would have ended up supporting some of the German regiments which were fighting alongside Finish units against Soviet aggression toward Finland.!

Pol Pot just took the process a bit far.!

What I'm talking about is a miltary weapon they could develop!

It's good to see someone recogonize the auto bailouts for what they were - a bailout of the UAW (and to a lesser extent white collar management)!

m-girl - This is not in a scolding way....but let me tell you something about the reactions of people when they hear oh",0.0,1.0!

1730,and the rest,This was designed by Axelrod and the rest runningthe President's campaign."!

i've always worked hard for me and my son but sometimes i feel like i'm fighting a losing battle.!

George0b1Nobody on this thread has said a good word about North Vietnam.!

Another story - about 1958!

I can't believe I was stupid enough to buy all the tripe about what Iraq could become if we just remove the dictator.!

And it's not like he's even going to jail!

And as you get older and understand how the world actually works you will realize how stupid you sound.!

got a solicitor but it doesn't seem to move forwardHi Pimky!

I jumped up and down and asked mom if I could hold the baby!

I feel much better now!

Some basic info.!

I'm seeking some Will advice that may get a bit complicated here but bare with me.!

I've bought her some wool and she's going to do some knitting for charity but due to the arthritis in her hands I'm not sure how easy she'll find this.!

I can see mebbe clarifying when someone becomes a public figure for purposes of libel and slander law -- but even that is a stretch""!

I have been looking at the different flowers available and I am really unsure what sort of thing is appropriate from a granddaughter.!

People who believe that it is a cover up also think the movie Independence Day is a documentary.""!

Even though I would have supported the Russians against the Germans in general and especially with the German attack on Stalingrad; if I were to have crossed into Finland I probably would have ended up supporting some of the German regiments which were fighting alongside Finish units against Soviet aggression toward Finland.!

The irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the reactionary forces they opposed" and yet I fought on the ground in Viet Nam.""!

I listen to what they say on camera!

Wonder why they were going to vote if they didn't really know anything about them.!

I could afford a pair today!

As well as what you said about allowing people to have more babies etc some charities are poorly managed and corrupt and money is stolen or wasted by charity owners and local warlords!

It is all about demanding those Taxpayer Freebies.!

The ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.!

I don't want to get just a standard wreath as I feel that it should be something more special as he was such a special man to me and my children.!

The most unfortunate part is that there is low credibility ever since no WMD could be found inspite of all the search!!

I just feel like my life is kind of over.!

People say Iran having nukes is a risk because terrorists might be able to get hold of nuclear material...well hello...Pakistan has them.!

I've read so many 9/11 conspiracy theorist threads I'm practically an expert.!

i've always worked hard for me and my son but sometimes i feel like i'm fighting a losing battle.!

I am worried about living a decent life and teaching my children to do the same.!

You really are clueless.!

It is pretty loose right now for Tricare and the military but not for Medicare and it sure as hell won't be for long when the Government suddenly has to pay BILLIONS more for everyone.!

Maybe it's because FOX has the good sense to not go all half cocked before anyone knows what the facts are.!

m-girl - This is not in a scolding way....but let me tell you something about the reactions of people when they hear oh",0.0,1.0!

4344,may,It may require camp councils or assemblies to start getting that line of thought more public."!

He helped to liberate a country from a tyrant w/o spending too much time!

Stay strong..you seem like a lovely family.!

I have had to put the past behind me since my mother died because my father relies so heavily on me to do everyday tasks like paying the gas bill etc (I've since set up direct debits for his bills).!

I think it is reasonable to criticize the OWS movement as lacking clear goals and leadership.!

most of that is due to the fact that i gained 70 punds and i didn't really even try to be somewhat active when i could during my pregnancy.!

i am aware that their are benefits of imigrents doing the jobs we dont like etc etc.!

I really am fascinated by all these whimsical nicknames thrown out by individuals such as this.!

Cheers for that - I might buy the book.!

I just havent got that sort of money esp just before christmas.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedI know!

I take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story!

I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

I was one of the 'Harvard Square 7' arrested out of God knows how many thousands of people at an anti-war rally that Jerry Rubin spoke at back in the early 70's.!

Claim: Colin Powell talked about the Mobile biological weapons laboratories.""!

If I reply how Id like she will act hurt and threaten to leave.Wether I hold my opinions in or let them out its very negative for me.!

The right-wing neocon whackjobs on this board only care about the small percentage that seemingly cause trouble.!

Humour me....please I think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives.. if everyone put off getting married/having a family till they could afford it many would be single and childless..!

However Im confused as to why you and your sister feel you would be entitled to the house.!

They would have moved on to someone who could have managed them properly.!

To suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors!

The Country did well in terms of setting the foundation for what has lasted so far almost 240 years BECAUSE they subscribed to the things I believe and those whom morons like YOU consider hacks believe.""!

I remember being absolutely terrified on the flight!

I think you've come down with CTD!

I saw her all the time and we spoke about 6 times a day on the phone up until she was very ill in her last weeks and sleepy with morphine.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

I could continue on this subject but I do not want to get into the controversy of how the shoe works for the people that they do work for.!

The very thing I'd like to avoid.!

No jury should be deciding questions of law!

This is part of their paybackHow about you worry about purchasing your own condoms.!

There is nothing nobler that I can think of!

I can't believe you cannot fathom the difference.!

I really should catalogue them!

I was really surprised by this.!

The paving there had less texture and was much more even--I guess because it never froze and traction was hardly an issue either.!

As speculation about Mr Blair's future increased following the resignation of seven members of the government!

My Grandad was very very important to me and I am dreading the funeral as I know it is really going to hit me hard then.!

That may be true!

I think Obama's partisan politics and rhetoric make him unable or maybe even unwilling to actually cooperate and compromise.!

I know that bothers you Socialists/Progressives!

It was a while before my parents even knew that I could read.!

the US is a secular society and not everyone believe in or follow religion.!

designations at the precise moment that we are about to get our first black female secretary of state.!

I imagine people will do whatever they want!

The other news is this would take about 3 (three) million years at present rates.!

I think this is a political not current event thread.!

I think your leather thong is about 5 sizes too small and it's cutting off the circulation to your brain.!

I sure have!

Although his particular study was not accurate - it does make you think - the particular concern is that China and other countries do not have the same rules in regard to pestides and that is the concern - how much and what is in these pestisides other countries are using.!

I can not imagine myself marrying him!

Africans and the like would be better served with sterilization/food clinics rather than these religious recruitment/anti birth control/food for Christ propaganda missions that they've been fed the past 40 years.!

Well on our recent trip out west I was surprised to see a local newspaper headline about "Chinese rigs and work gangs" on Colorado's western slope near Pyramid where they've already "drilled and flared" a couple oil wells.""!

She should be eligible to apply for it and it would perhaps pay for a wheelchair friendly taxi for herHTH!

I think Nevadas crime rate went up as a result.!

Most of those truthers are likely to just move on after the election and look for other things to be pissed off about.!

I will email a couple of people and get back to you ASAP.!

Further in the VA hospital where I could get free treatment there is a laundry list of meds and procedures they simply do not authorize ever.!

Crony capitalism has been on the fore front of political debate for at least a few years now.!

I told him he should have rang!

Conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.!

Especially if there is no ink..... Looks like an opinion piece to me...  Let me see!

Including huge damage to the world economy and the possible destruction of Israel.!

I like to ensure the house is locked up properly so I would expect to know what was going on by a reasonable hour.!

You will find you are treated with great respect with that typoe of approach.!

I spent 15 minutes or more reading through the various apple juice labels - and this was just apple juice so I can't imagine other stuff.!

If they find you funny and interesting and attractive!

I do not know as much about murderers in the USA!

Only a complete idiot would believe that an editor of a tabloid becomes the overnight owner of TWO major newspapers based solely on his merit and salary.!

except he's not wrong about the rightwingnuts setting her up...yet another reason obama needs to stop giving in to them.!

So I believe comparisons are viable and inspiring!

I like Newt because I trust Newt.!

My limited use and the big jump in price meant that it really isn't worth me getting a family saloon like the Passat or a 3-series.!

I'm going to tell the clerk that I will pay the increase AFTER the recall effort is successful!

Update: Girl did have contact with officials when she arrived in the UK and could not understand them.!

It's like they think they own the place.!

Red Cross workers arriving in Attawapiskat with aid | CTV EdmontonPolitics - The Globe and MailI'm wondering if it's time to give these tiny outpost communities some hard choices.!

If someone visited the US and went to LA they might have a different perception of the US than someone who visited and went to New Orleans.!

i think he lives in wichita!

He seeks pledges from approximately 40!

It was perhaps a matter of historical hubris that we believed we could succeed in a place in which the cold dead hand of French colonialism had recently been defeated by a Communist movement that clothed itself in the rhetoric of nativism and nationalism and which had been steeled by years of combat.!

I personally believe that Syria wants very much to get on our (USA) good side.!

The document discusses about the development of the British Nationality Law in the 20th century and the early 21st century.!

Husband is mad at me now because he thinks I shouldn't let it bother me!

Jackie Battley and Newt Gingrich Marriage Profile -- Marriage of Newt Gingrich and Jackie BattleyThe most notorious incident in Gingrich's marriage... was when he cornered Jackie in her hospital room where she was recovering from uterine cancer surgery and insisted on discussing the terms of the divorce he was seeking.!

The only problem may be that they used New York Times in their tort analysis after saying public v. private didn't matter.!

but don't worry about the after.!

The real brains are more concerned about global cooling!

He does not at all agree that an atmosphere of such speech may make such tragedies likely to recur.!

And I've seen variants of this line about a million times by now:I really feel sorry for people with such hate in their hearts that they feel the need to go after Papa Joe after (list professional accomplishments of Paterno).",0.0,0.8!

1472,know,I know most of the world thinks Americans are insanely rich and have money to spend on anything and everything"!

He had on an older heavy set white guy who apparently was the author of the law.!

I am so scared of having the operation and imagine all the horrible things that could go wrong!

We have had a meeting were we have not been told very much by the authorities!

So please take your hypocritical bullshit somewhere else.!

I don't know of anywhere in the US where there's actual abject poverty.!

You could look for a good interest rate for him and maybe suggest you can sign as well in case of emergencies then you can keep a check.!

Historians estimate that up to 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks around the time of World War I!

By far the best debater and most informed candidate and could easily kick Obama's ass in a debate...!

A freeze on all but the most critical legislation goes into effect in early March ahead of spring presidential and legislative elections.!

Do you know the great thing about numbers.!

I don't think a National minimum wage makes any sense""!

The New York Times raved about Albright's brooches in an article titled!

You might struggle at first!

Must be some of them thar government bought scientists.!

People forget that female dogs that are unspayed mark just like male dogs do.!

These wars are just ways to prevent other nations gaining any sort of power whether it is directly or indirectly as well as make their arms companies some major money on the side.!

I did not feel ready to be home.!

I've never done this before and I'm not sure just what a responsibility it will be!

Salomon Klass is perhaps the most notable!

I've had the idea that the Roadmap was a turning point toward one of the two possible directions-- toward peace!

What these Trotskyists don't understand is that giving young people the chance to gain skills and experience that will benefit them and us as a society isn't oppression but common sense and doing them a favour.!

or 2. find a fuel alternative to gasoline that is about the same price and then make it available at all locations and start only producing cars that run off that.!

In VERY vivid detail I remember falling down the first flight of stairs in my house onto the landing in front of the main door.!

i dont know... i just told him that i am sorry i will never look like that and i am so scared that he wont find me attractive in a few months because i am going to get stretch marks and just be fat and gross looking and i am just so emotional and ugh... i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.!

So sounds like this guy is the rightie equivalent of scooter boy...At the news conference!

You wer on the moving on stage which hurts the most BUT seriously tho!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

I am aware of the fact that some of my ancestors oppressed some of my other ancestors.!

I'd have to think about it!

From what I could see they were trying to convince the students who had less knowledge about the new voting system into voting for them.!

They are almost never encountered because people who know the truth will tell someone.!

i was a little dissappointed but could understand i guess.!

And as is often said!

I have no clue what she thinks from day to day!

You really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying!

On this forum i have found a number of people who have had similiar experiences and some that have had different ones and fortunately a meeting of minds often produces understanding of the variety of views and tolerance of others.!

The focus should not be upon us being more civil to each other (although it would be nice if we were) but rather on what caused Jared Lee Loughner to snap last Saturday.!

The ONLY fact in that is that he signed the bill...UNDER PROTEST I might add.!

Theres been so much she's gone through and she's not opened up to the therapist about anything!

This is totally Unacceptable!!

In fact you may wish to look up the relevant pages in an Australian professor's paperhttp://www.lavoisier.com.au/papers/submissions/Foster3 (2001).pdfin which he completely debunks the calculation as far as his hemisphere is concerned - you'd think he doesn't want to get drowned any more than the rest of us do.!

I am 90 miles from a VA Hospital so except for a few stays in the mental ward when I was very depressed and could not afford to pay the civilian hospital I do not use it.!

- We have the most powerful Air Force (and Naval Air) on earth- We have the most advanced avionics- We have the best missiles- We have the best intelligence- We have air superiority in any theater on earthThe Russians tried for 50 years to keep up with us and they couldn't.!

That's fantastic Nice to see the spirit of humanity and the season is still there i feel a tiny tim moment coming on.............God Bless us.....EveryoneNo honestly!

(And it generally ain't that hard to tell the ones who are - PROVING it is harder...)Prison isn't generally gonna make someone better.!

It is possible that Powell sold his soul to the devil like the rest of them.!

I suggest you spread yourself out.!

(Yes heteros sometimes abuse their children) After a while he finds out that his new wife is a lesbian and does not love him.!

What many fail to realize is that exiling Arafat might not be an option.!

I think things like Patriarchy!

Africans would be better served by the EU removing it's protectionist food tariffs and agricultural subsidies and the rest of the world paying them a fair price for their abundant natural resources rather than cutting deals with the dictators who have kept parts of the continent in chaos since the end of (direct) European occupation after world war IIIt isn't just some crazy ironic twist of fate that the majority of the worlds precious metals and stones come from Africa and yet it has so many of the poorest and most violent countries!

There would by now be objects (under most interpretations of the BB scenario) that are moving away from us at the speed of light or greater.!

You might want to consider the distinction between Principle!

Hmmm - I know it is a deviation from a thread about execution - but I am nonetheless stunned by what seems to be a casual assumption that the penalty ought to be a choice between execution and prison for life.!

Would this country really have a point anymore!

Medicine students will be finding out about new treatments for diseases a lot of these older people are more likely to get.!

i'm not talking about sykess!

I could probably afford to get much better cars than the ones I drive if I got them on finance as we have quite a bit more coming in every month than going out but the wife won't entertain finance so I have to buy them outright and there are too many bargains to pass up at the insurance auctions.!

He makes the other candidates sound like a bunch of kids squabbling over the last Popsicle.!

Here's the 4th Circuit decision if you haven't read it.!

I don't know why I'm even upset really!

I don't think most British people are too lazy to work but I think they have unrealistic expectations of work.!

I live in wichita and i hadnt even heard of the guy till he resurficed last may or so.!

I think a key to finding a broader context in which to understand that attitude is in investigating what initiation is.!

Palin Endorsed End Of Life Counseling As GovernorDo any of you guys know how to use a search engine.""!

I think he's probably dead!

My OH is a bit luckier in that he is only 25 but I know he worries about money and would like to have more of it!

So the chances of anything going all that wrong with your delivery are really!

Mass media are a good mirror to show how much a life is worth or worthless for them in different parts of the world.!

It's really the unskilled labor (assembly line workers!

I think your leather thong is about 5 sizes too small and it's cutting off the circulation to your brain.!

The Country did well in terms of setting the foundation for what has lasted so far almost 240 years BECAUSE they subscribed to the things I believe and those whom morons like YOU consider hacks believe.""!

You know what - we were possibly over there at the same time!

The Budget repair bill was supposed to have language eliminating some of the municipalities local control over your property tax rate and therefore should have kept your property taxes from going up.!

Would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbhGiven the Israeli mentality I would say we will see them strike Iran.!

Come on use some common sense.!

I guess I was obscure in the idea!

The reason we do the sidewalk test is so that you can feel the difference from carpet to cement.!

The store should install and use a floor safe and keep no more than a handful of change in the till.!

He is almost 32 but is very laid back and has no plans beyond the end of next week!

It really is everything.!

He did NOT start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.!

I am not a health professional and I can only speak from personal experience which is why I strongly suggest you see a qualified health professional about your feelings and worries about depression.!

The entire point I am trying to make was that Obama did in fact introduce legislation while you claimed (and apparently are still claiming) never happened.!

Except I can't have ice-cream.... :5(I woz wondering bout acupuncture...I don't think I could handle it though..I got really queasy taking out my new earrings!!!!

Sounds like an idea that should be explored scientifically.!

and characterizing the CCW crowd as predominately a bunch of middle aged white guys.!

Danskos are worn sort of loose.. no rubbies!

THEN I would probably calm down and listen.!

There's something about it - New Hampshire seems to vote for somebody other than who won in Iowa.,A Giuliani '12 effort would likely emphasize his ideas on domestic policy!

I know that race is not a biological reality!

re curtains-'Passers by might not like the way it looks'.I dont give a f*** about what other people like the look of!

I'm a bit worried that it's getting worse...No honey!

I don't know much about his politics or his achievements!

The rest of the world knows the same.!

It's real interesting how everything just unfolded like it did.!

I have a brother and sister that do not speak to me and they think this was a brilliant way to get back at me (believe it or not!!).!

If I bang it up and make it look like trash then that's on me.""!

The political reasons seem unlikely to me because lots of soldiers including many much much higher up than him have spoken out.!

I somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first (or second) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010.!

It's a very difficult thing to have to approach and I really feel for you x!

The Country did well in terms of setting the foundation for what has lasted so far almost 240 years BECAUSE they subscribed to the things I believe and those whom morons like YOU consider hacks believe.""!

Sadly I think she knows I wont be giving her grandchildren!

A friend of mine is very involved in conservative politics and one day sent a bunch of pro-voucher tweets about how parents know what's best!

Your Claim that he has killed 3 times as Many Al Qeada is completely False.!

i don't think there are too many people!

I know my ex thought he had done nothing wrong but telling his estranged son to 'rot in hell' because he had missed a few phone calls-was wrong-although I held my tongue.!

Pirates of the seas know they can't 'EFF around with Americans or any of their properties.!

Now if those of you who think that outsourcing our space flight needs to other nations at the expense of American security""!

Perhaps indeed we were but a few miles and worlds apart in that mess.!

It's not like he needs the money.!

I have read data that show concealed carry really doesn't have an effect one way or the other on crime (not accidents!

Sorry to rant about Gypsies so much!

Unemployment....Your side uses the excuse for the high number as  it would have been far worse....You nor anyone else does not know that.""!

I do understand some of the hardships in recent memory that need to overcome such as the stolen generation and residential schools.!

And the Points of Light Foundation continues to help the nation find opportunities for people to serve one another.!

Looking at his 59 points it seems pretty clear to me that Mitt is basically concerned about continuing with business as usual along with reducing the social safety net for poor Americans and reducing necessary regulation of businesses and the financial sector.!

point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.!

That other stuff isn't really true.!

You could look for a good interest rate for him and maybe suggest you can sign as well in case of emergencies then you can keep a check.!

You stepped on my feelings a bit there!

I think my realization that under the present system health care is provided on the basis of one's wealth came about when I went to a private hospital that did not take Medicaid to pick up a newborn being placed for adoption (that child's grandparents were well insured) and I noticed they had valet parking.!

Helps that I'm sort of in the trade but I don't like the idea of depreciation all that much and this is one good way to almost completely avoid it.!

Sounds like we are falling foul of the EU standard practice in the way we treat our nationals.!

Good luck... gotta love the people who insist on helping you when it could be easier to do it yourself... Not like you can just play with the kids while she cooks dinner...Hope you get through your list!""!

Not to change the subject; but the Civil War was about States Rights and not slavery.""!

To suggest that Social and economic gaps are INTERNAL to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior.!

The basic issues here are trust!

He was only 67 and we had never had any form of conversation about what he wanted when he died!

I can't see any logical way to move forward which is probably why it gets me down so much!

we know it.!

They somehow deemed the violin as counterfeit, even though there is no such thing in the violin world.!

I cannot remember any events before this time.!

Deal with reality:Fox News Coverage of the Trayvon Martin Case Criticized - The Daily BeastI think we have very different standards of 'knowledge'!

does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like Apollo.!

I like to ensure the house is locked up properly so I would expect to know what was going on by a reasonable hour.!

I like the Cubs too!!

some just want America to fail.!

I happened to watch a news review on Sky News this morning in which a bunch of journo's were bleating on that we shouldn't condemn all the innocent and hard working journalists at News International just because a whole bunch of hacks at the Sun were arrested... because that would cause untold damage to the whole media industry.""!

For whatever one may contend the reasons are!

If someone you cared about was murdered!

I know he will do all he can to help me.!

But what they actually overturned the District on was sending the question of law as to whether the speech should have First Amendment protection to the jury rather than deciding it from the bench - which is what they did by focusing on type of speech rather than nature of speaker and audience and concluded it was protected.!

I think the 3 strikes law has worked in that 2 strikers have left the state!

But then so is India and nutjobs looking to foment regional strife can tragically up the ante considerably wrt to world-wide equilibrium where ever they may be.!

I believe I explained my viewpoint fairly well in subsequent posts (above).!

Either way makes as much sense as the other.!

I haven't been there myself but my 3 sons and a friend went a couple of years ago.!

A few thoughts in perusing the fallout here:1) Fox-- I feel sort of responsible for you feeling as though you had to defend my statements-- of course!

The buffet/music/buying the drinks in/hire a hall option for a larger group would have been a little bit more!

This is probably going to be a bit of a rambling post...!

You guys talk about class warfare!

I was recently thinking I should know more about the Sudan!

HUCKABEE: The only reason I'm not as confident that there's something about the birth certificate!

The Government took measures to hide the truth from the general public for whatever reason and the truth is supposedly still being hidden.!

The Mystery of Global Warming's Missing Heat : NPRThe Mystery of Global Warming's Missing Heatby Richard HarrisStuart WestmorlandOceans hold much more heat than the atmosphere can.!

Sometimes I even change my position a little if they present a good argument.!

Your exclusionary club of bigotry is about to be infiltrated.!

I could feel them work my legs but they said this happens.!

But do continue to babble like a good little neocon/teabagger/libertarian flunkie....it would be funny if it weren't so pathetic.!

if so I'd try and get the same sort of flowersHi!

i didnt feel entitled to their money because im their child.!

Or maybe just a commutation of sentence like for Scooter Libby.!

As should have been long expected!

So the eventual 'regime change' in Syria will probably be bloody & violent!

From what I've read!

I might not like the answer!

Depending upon which analysis of Guth's inflationary model you choose (there are several at least) the only way to keep inflation consistent with all the other physical laws is if the inflation took place in such a way as the separation of parts of the universe that were space like remained space-like forever.!

To the OP and those that seem to be in agreement with it's bogus implication......willful ignorance and half-baked hyperbolic nonsense is not a compelling argument.!

The only problem may be that they used New York Times in their tort analysis after saying public v. private didn't matter.!

Quote:The existence of 2 (presumably) youngish children would suggest that the marriage is not the cold and unrewarding one the husband would have you believe.!

Until I know the facts I won't make a decision.!

It is all about the Entitlements.!

Undoubtedly you have more than just a slight personal interest in Finlands history whereas someone like myself from Australia!

I don't know what to make of the whole thing to be honest..!

The NY times reports that we are evacuating - so I called them to see where they got the information - and they said the embassy - as you can imagine - getting through to the American Embassy in Cairo is impossible at this time.!

When my son would do things that were almost unbearable!

So sad too how the prospect of a few material things when someone is ill can turn some people into total vulchers.!

Computer Scientists will be creating new technologies to make lives easier on a day to day basis from work to home experience - from programmes like AutoCad that keeps thousands in jobs.!

You should see Dr.!

I think Age UK run befriending schemes.!

I'm sure the cartoonists think they are all terribly ironic!

There are a fair amount of people arguing - seriously - that most of the anger about the case is about people not being Penn State fans.!

The best estimate of the annual death toll among Americans of working age due to lack of insurance or under-insurance is at least 20!

My Grandad was very very important to me and I am dreading the funeral as I know it is really going to hit me hard then.!

It's indicative of a crisis management team that is spending more time worrying about regulations and red tape than cleaning up the mess!

I seriously doubt a 17-year old kid would even think about arguing with someone when they have a gun.!

It's all very well dismissing statements as discriminatory if they are wildly inaccurate but it kind of defeats your point if it is true!!

I can find a letter that states they received my letter asking permission!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

And you smell like a sock.!

It was sad that the one day out of the year dedicated to our war dead was hijacked by a group of people more interested in making themselves feel good and playing politics.!

It now seems certain to me that within the next decade the U.K and U.S.A among others will be involved in a fully fledged war against Iran.!

I guess this his way of sucking up to other countries like China and Russia.!

Quite a few were promoted Captains.!

I don't think most British people are too lazy to work but I think they have unrealistic expectations of work.!

I thought about taking Phoneix's advice and turning my thoughts into a letter to the editor or a My Turn essay for Newsweek or something but the more I read the more I realized that the amount of research required is beyond me.""!

I think it's a real shame on the part of our Government for treating them like this.!

i was a little dissappointed but could understand i guess.!

For the most part!

Most of the time I am of the opinion that people should bare some financial burden for their medical expenses!

They seem to have completley forgotten about tainememan spr.!

As she did I very deliberately grabbed as much of her hair as I could!

They may or may not be compensated for their losses.!

If you actually DO read the links Conservative posted!

They are just now in the middle of a trial and even though they do have some witnesses against the police officers there are a lot more that still are not talking.!

I am not sure what is out there (many more knowledgeable people than I post here) but if you stress to the GP exactly how bad it is on your worst days then he or she may be able to get you some urgent help.!

I think they could at least specify the varity of apple used.!

they live in england and should speek english!!

I mean 40% of the world is living under $2 a day.!

While they all seem to agree that the superiors are at fault for not reporting it!

But we do know what created them!

http://yglesias.thinkprogress.org/ar...ath-panels.phpReal Death PanelsJonathan Cohn calls it a squeeze play, but whatever you call it there's something bizarre about watching an American conservative movement whose general goal is to have the public sector provide as little as possible to anyone!

He makes Bush look like Goldwater.!

So should people who've been out of work for years (some families have 3 generations where they have NEVER worked!)!

If you read the whole article he doesn't sound like he knows if he is coming or going but that sounds about right.!

That he was a graduate assistant suggests he had been in school basically his whole life.!

The face that James Buchanan was effectively the wife of Alabama Senator King also should have got a bit more scrutiny in the run up to the Civll war.!

We hear from Iraq every day - every development is tracked.!

I hope you will read the more updated contract awards that I posted from NASAWATCH.!

You are about as clueless as they come dude.!

If you want to talk historically about how people get nominated president - there are probably some exceptions to this - you've got to win one of the first two [contests]!

Here is a partial list:- The stimulus has created millions of jobs in the PRIVATE SECTOR.!

Because most of them are like John Gotti - only in the sense they should have the moniker Teflon in front of their names - because nothing is ever their fault and nothing ever sticks.!

I used to skate to the store or for exercise nearly every day before I moved to Madison--from a place where I could roll out the door with my skates on knowing I'd find a safe and efficient route to just about anywhere.!

laws should be for everyone.!

does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like Apollo.!

The more it looks like Zimmerman acted in self defense!

I come from a line of people who are very pragmatic about dying.!

i still think 14 weeks is a bit too long!

Mmm I'd say that's pretty reasonable...!...I've come off milk and dairy stuff now coz of suspected lactose intolerance.....it's a pain in the a**...but my shoulder pain has mysteriously gone away...it does come back occasionaly when I'm really stressed out...but only mildly and only for a little while....Touch wood....!....but anyway...yeah...blah blah blah...Honey_rose_crStart carrying your bag in your arms like a baby or get one of those bags that are more like suitcases.!

which i dont think they were i think marquez nicked it by a round @ leastArums been waiting to feed Diaz to Manny next.!

Since I didn't remember me LMP!

She has since (AFAIK) tried to gather his assets/estate and has also been in touch with the HSBC pension scheme over here (i know this because i got in touch with them too).!

He should have settled with Paula Jones years earlier.!

And thats about it - dont know more than that.!

We really need to address the burning of fossil fuels!

Your father is a grown man and maybe he has heard this as well but if he is really happy where is the harm.!

We know about civil rights.!

That's why I'm talking about this.!

I wish Paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.!

Whether you meant it that way or not I don't know!

spendi doesn't understand evolution is code for the poseur to claim he does.""!

It was during my tenure at COMPHIBPAC that I learned the most about what I know about Viet Nam.!

Sue them and try to get some money out of them.!

And the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens!

I know I will probally get slated and told he is an adult he can do what he wnats but he is living in our house and my husband and I both think he needs to let us know if he is not coming home.!

Any suggestions on how to handle this greatly appreciated Actually next week might be the ideal week!

This next bit might sound a bit mean!

If I understand your other questions:The FRW model of the universe is the basic standard theory.!

We baby boomers have come through some incredible""!

Also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one.!

And it doesn't really matter what Repub gets the nod!

I have been to Russia and know what its like.!

I think it's a case of giving my dad the account number so he can start transferring money to it!

I have almost no side effects and I'm told my scar is covered by my hair.!

Because most of them are like John Gotti - only in the sense they should have the moniker Teflon in front of their names - because nothing is ever their fault and nothing ever sticks.!

I've read so many 9/11 conspiracy theorist threads I'm practically an expert.!

My thoughts are that governments simply let their private arms companies make a bit of cash off the war like they usually do.!

Sounds like the Communists are invading and drilling on American terra firma and I didn't even know it.!

The irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the reactionary forces they opposed""!

Too many people assume that once they watch 10 min of CNN they have the entire story!

Just like I would oppose a Shinto Shrine built at Pearl Harbor during WWII or a Glock outlet opening next to the Safeway in Tuscon next month.!

She finds it difficult to get in and out of the car and because she's also got a wheelchair now many of her elderly friends would be unable to give her a lift because they wouldn't have the ability to get the wheelchair in and out the car or to support and help her to get in and out either.!

He's ranting against people like you likely.!

Sorry - Nothing funny about that - I sometimes wish I had had the opportunity to do like MLK and walk up to cops with dogs and not even flinch when getting hit or bitten.!

Conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.!

Or prove that it was correct except for various statements from governments etc..because I mean!

I don't know why that would matter!

i don't think there are too many people!

The problem I have is that I feel as though I am paying for everything now!

I's room and shes a hyper spazoid running around so I don't think of the diaper issue and struggled to put her coat on and get us out the door in one piece.!

and hopefully get some thoughts from you all please.!

I'm like a running back that has the ball and I'm looking for openings!

Rich country has trouble we all feel sorry for them!

I haven't had airconditioning my whole life until a couple of months ago!

I was recently thinking I should know more about the Sudan!

That's about 670 per hour!

I am 25 and I am worried then if I ever move out they will be completely lost!!

But the schools only recognize the marriage he has with a woman (who is not even the mother) who does not really love him nor does she care for his children from the other woman.""!

I know this is just a load of jumbled rubbish but I'm so down and fed up with this  I've probably brought it all on myself!

A much better resolution would have been a hard resolution on non proliferation and disarmament in the region!

I have to admit I am really quite worried about Russia..!

Because most of them are like John Gotti - only in the sense they should have the moniker Teflon in front of their names - because nothing is ever their fault and nothing ever sticks.!

They are almost never encountered because people who know the truth will tell someone.!

You would have to see about the hours though as they won't necessarily be fulltime.!

With other Commonwealth places like Australia / NZ / Singapore etc fair enough - don't let them in - because as someone mentioned above!

I believe Kennedy's concept of the war was a proxy war with the USSR!

The recent discovery of two Toner Cartorage Bombs seemed like a great find and the world would be safer from the efforts of the authorities.""!

The book takes about 400 pages to say what Veblen said in one sentence.!

Third..There is a 2 week policy at our store and at almost all stores I know of [though Foot Solutions is a franchise so I can't really speak for them all] and it is not special for anyone unfortunately...the pedorathist that trained me are from Texas and trained at the Austin!

I mean this in a loving way mg...I'm glad you can come here and talk about this....but.....you are a grown up!

I read the drivel bullshit spew you posted.!

I think she is depressed...I don't know ugg!!!

If someone you cared about was murdered!

All the recent talk about Obama engaging in class warfare against the rich makes me laugh...and it makes me angry.!

I like it because I think Davies did a good job of keeping it readable by interested non-specialists without losing the real flavor and content of the subject.!

I know about the Golan and about Syrian meddling in the Lebanese civil wars.!

Either live out bush like your ancestors and be done with it or move closer to larger settlements.!

To force a church to go against its beliefs just so some poor fool can have sex without danger of getting a girl pregnant makes so little sense I can't believe people here are even defending it.!

If I do this for a couple of minutes it seems to put whatever is out of wack back into place.!

There are a fair amount of people arguing - seriously - that most of the anger about the case is about people not being Penn State fans.!

17 year old kid walking on sidewalk a little after 7PM26 year old self appointed neighborhood watch captain reports to police that 17 year old is suspicious (for walking on the sidewalk between the hours of 7PM and 8PM)Cops tell him we are on the way and to backoff.""!

Read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.!

Pretty much It's worse in Chicago - you'd think the guy was the second coming...!

I am told that there will only be family flowers as my Grandad wasn't a flowers kind of man so my Gran feels it would be inappropriate to have lots and lots of flowers there.!

I can understand why many clinics are afraid of lawsuits.!

Most Christions I know will not bow to another God!

I have suffered from anxiety and depression in the past and she was the one person who could calm me down and make everything alright.!

Each country should do what it can to help solve the problem of global warming.!

But the panel also expressed doubts about the legitimacy of the intervention of the legislature in the field of history and suggested that commemorations or legislative resolutions might be a better way to express sympathy for the suffering than laws to criminalize some types of speech.""!

With US diplomats on the way to pressure Israel there is some mumbling about building a prison around Arafat instead of exiling him.!

He definitely offers the most substance in his replies!

I've seen some debates where Krugman's opponent had him practically in tears.!

Theres been so much she's gone through and she's not opened up to the therapist about anything!

To tell the truth about AA -- which is that our society has failed in particular ways and this is the broad brush we're using pro tem to address that economic and social imbalance and failure -- that's okay with me.!

The school is having an inspection next week so the head will be too busy to speak to me next week apparently which i'm not very happy about.!

TaliwillowAre there any flowers which in your mind connect the pair of you - for example if he used to call you buttercup then your grandmother would probably find a bunch of buttercups a nicer!

California should be proud of itself!!

Some might go so far as to say GOP policies resulted in the December 2007 recession; I won't make that claim but it's certainly damning evidence.!

long story shorter - I've since met a lovely bloke and he has never commented on my overhang (and I'm still completely paranoid about it).!

However a quick comparison of Malaysia and Vietnam today should remind us that there may well have been there something worth fighting for.!

DH did need treatment at A and E after the attackIt seems pretty clear that the police did not bother with forensic testing and may not even have checked the CCTV footage .!

I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

This is starting to sound like a mantra.!

No one really concerned about it!

I think you really need a serious talk with him if/when he comes back tell him a few home truths and then you can truly move forward if you want to.!

i dont know what my problem is i am just scared of how my body is going to change and that i wont ever be able to look somewhat decent again.!

I'll give an example:I remember events back to when I was two years old!

Because governments change every 4 years in most places and every government tends to pursue a different policy.!

I tried on some whatchacallits once!

They may even innovate and make better products for our society!

I'm ambivalent about AA!

my oldest 2 are responsible and trustworthy so I have no problem leaving them on their own (though they are often out with friends)Hopefully!

Except I can't have ice-cream.... :5(I woz wondering bout acupuncture...I don't think I could handle it though..I got really queasy taking out my new earrings!!!!

my memoriesI think I may have a terrible memory because the earliest I can remember is around the time I was in Kindergarten.!

Since the comment about tacit approval of racism was made!

This development is interesting because it raises a lot of fascinating questions about economic management.!

He definitely offers the most substance in his replies!

Its not uncommon for people's existing feelings about themselves to become more intense when they are in new situations and feel the pressure to socialise with strangers and fit into new roles!

I like Newt because I trust Newt.!

I believe there were similar sentiments some decades ago against blacks!

I don't recall reading about one in North Carolina.!

It is of course possible that the CCTV wasn't working on the day in question but I am still surprised no other forensic examinations have taken place.!

I know that bothers you Socialists/Progressives!

He has been lying to my sister and I about their relationship"!

(As everyone already knows I'm not an economic theory marxist (at this point I reserve the right to plead ignorance on the matter) but when it comes to promoting fairness in an unfair world consider me a hardcore communist.)!

He did NOT start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul.!

I know exactly how you feel.!

Even by TSR's standards I'm surprised by the amount of people who have the nerve to laugh about this.!

I agree with your comments but I have kept things to myself for so long that Im judging their possible reactions on how they reacted when I was younger!

These wars are just ways to prevent other nations gaining any sort of power whether it is directly or indirectly as well as make their arms companies some major money on the side.!

just like you and me.!

I was surprised but said it was fine and as promised a line would be drawn under things and we could start again.!

Sending lots of love xIt might be an idea to see your GP as a matter of some urgency.!

I know that lady saw me!

The well connected are virtually immune to our laws!

My sister is getting ready to go to uni and I really am starting to resent him for how my life is now.!

Much like I have been treated here too.!

There are a few other early memories!

As she did I very deliberately grabbed as much of her hair as I could!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

We saw how no one came to the aide of the Tutsi in Rwanda and that's why a million of them died in just a few weeks.!

Again I would like to know where you are getting this bullcrap from!

Take your whine to another thread that might offer more cheese to your mousey mouth.!

Just about as many did NOT favor extending unemployment benefits.!

most of that is due to the fact that i gained 70 punds and i didn't really even try to be somewhat active when i could during my pregnancy.!

I know  ive been reading alot about them and asking people I know that have had them how they are..it sounds scary :/I feel for you mama!

Tillman may not have been liked by some of his peers.!

my belly and my boobs look like someone took a purple marker and had a field day!!

With other Commonwealth places like Australia / NZ / Singapore etc fair enough - don't let them in - because as someone mentioned above!

Although I think cab drivers pay slightly better.!

The problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.!

When he has the children he is always texting over silling little things but being quite mean about it and wants to get the social service involved.!

I think it's bizarre that you couldn't have booked the weekend off!

Some of the cultural questions and issues seem very similar to those faced by some of the tribes in the US Southwest.!

I wouldn't really know!

If it were a matter of him vs someone equally intelligent and less of a cad I would gleefully go for the other option.!

I do not think you understand indias recollections of the indo-china war and the global pressure over india in the 1971 bangladesh war.!

I bet that you could get rid of about 1000 middle class Americans in place of the Somalians.!

This question may have been done before!

The point is this: Sarah Palin made a stink about the Mosque that is two blocks away from Ground Zero due to the fact that it was close to (as we all know) the site of the twin towers that were destroyed by fanatical muslim terrorists.!

But you're kinda like the crazy uncle.!

It is likely only a matter of time until he hurts someone else.!

It seems that no one ever really cared about what was happening in Sudan.!

To put all of the blame on Obama/democrats for America's troubles shows that you really do not know much about these American issues.!

Here in Yellowknife there is a reservation by the old town and you don't need to see the teepee to know you've crossed some kind of border.!

I think it may be called THE FAMILY.!

We would like to start a family!

Newt Gingrich: The 5 juiciest details from his ex-wife - The WeekIf you really want to base your vote on spiting someone who told you the truth!

I cried a lot and could not really understand it.!

[g)]The thing i find most disturbing is that Tony is apparently considering to 'sign' the UK over to the french and germans!

You might consider Beck to be a lot of people!

I don't mean that if a couple both work stacking shelves!

At some point during the mid to late sixties I was sitting!

A government that has lost the plot.... all done in the arrogant self belief that they know best.!

They really only want to SAY they want to close the loop holes.!

Now I have reached my last year at 2ndry school and my shoulder pain's become really severe.!

I'd arranged an evening in with some friends so my dad came round to watch a dvd upstairs with my boys.!

2 weeks ago I finally plucked up the courage to tell my husband I could no longer put up with his drinking.!

I think the guys that fled to Canada were heros too.!

I wish Paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.!

(Note: if you don't like Ann!

Ron Dennis realized that the fitness/speed skaters were much more committed!

I don't recall reading about one in North Carolina.!

I think it is fair to say that the closer a culture is to the one time only",1.0,1.0!

1053,think,Do not think that you will be the only people to treat patients"!

I think you can get perfectly good American apple juice and cider if you make a tiny effort.!

i tired...i failed... i gave up... get over itOriginally Posted by Martyn*I think you misunderstand here.!

Sorry - Nothing funny about that - I sometimes wish I had had the opportunity to do like MLK and walk up to cops with dogs and not even flinch when getting hit or bitten.!

That's almost as impressive a resume entry as Chief Iceberg Lookout",1.0,0.8!

3158,feel,At the moment I feel like I am coming to an age where I have to start deciding what I do and do not want to do - and that annoys me!"!

He needs to be making money and prioritizing and quit worrying about x-box!!

That should have been it but the parents of the boy weren't satisfied and then ONLY because Treyvon is black and they thought Zimmerman was white!

I believe this man gets it.!

I don't find out until the last minute if I have to work!

Events coming up next summer at the Democrat and Republican Conventions could provoke your question onto the public stage during the closing months of a US Presidential campaign.!

I'd be much obliged if you can.!

I've lost any sense of what's appropriate and too much when it comes to talking about this.!

Murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire.!

Is there really monies in this UE ext.!

http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012...n_1265485.htmlSo a 10 year old deaf girl was brought into the UK in 2000 where she was treated basically as a slave and was repeatedly physically and sexually abused during her enslavement.!

I know absolutely nothing about this kid who is now in charge.!

How about this recent report by the Cato Institute called Tough Targets: when criminals face armed resistance from citizenshttp://www.scribd.com/fullscreen/78800063Your buddy""!

It's really good!

I would imagine that his wife would inherit that along with the outstading mortgage.!

If it happens I think it will be when the US public supports the idea to a degree that the administration would not be able to put much pressure on Israel.!

Then Shepard went on about a young teen who bought Skittles from a 7-11 and while unarmed!

This time I am better prepared but feel it is an obligation to get active again.!

but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun!

Relate is not just about keeping a couple together.!

I do not know as much about murderers in the USA!

They're all a bunch of uneducated!

I think Fox wants to stay on good terms w/ the NRAhttp://mediamatters.org/blog/201203220019Marion Hammer: The NRA Lobbyist Behind Florida's Stand Your Ground Legislation!

I think this is what the original starter of the thread (JoshW) is driving at.!

I got a pretty fair reduction in my tax bill!

And you are wrong about Americans' attitudes towards tax hikes.!

Now - if I could just straighten out your politics!!!!!Lol!!!!!!

So much for the peaceful agrarian reformers for whom so much rhetoric was wasted.""!

Wonder why they were going to vote if they didn't really know anything about them.!

I'm pretty sure that apples grown in China!

Much of the debate centers on proposed changes to a 2007 constitution and a possible amnesty for banned politicians!

I think he's probably dead!

I think it's quite sad that there's such a huge wedding industry these days and most people seem to feel the ONLY way to get married is to have a massively expensive party for dozens of people.""!

Every unpleasant government can be ignored and voted down (as Austria a few years ago).!

If you are usually really good about it i dont see why it would hurt if you called out sick for this one weekend.!

I thought about taking Phoneix's advice and turning my thoughts into a letter to the editor or a My Turn essay for Newsweek or something but the more I read the more I realized that the amount of research required is beyond me.""!

I think it would have helped me draw a line between the traumatic events of her death and funeral and marked the start of my learning to deal with life without mum.!

I also can't wear too cushioned soles - as I've found out by buying some very expensive walking shoes - my feet seem to be attempting to break with those.!

He then built those tow papers into a media empire that makes idiots like you froth at the mouth.!

I feel like everything anyone could do to help!

I am told that there will only be family flowers as my Grandad wasn't a flowers kind of man so my Gran feels it would be inappropriate to have lots and lots of flowers there.!

He stated that Al Sharpton a self made man from the streets like me was joining.....at which time co-host Greg Kelly interjected (twice) that like Al Sharpton""!

Unless you are able to navigate the laws around wills and intestacy in the US (and they could differ from state to state) you are most likely going to make yourselves very!

I'm sure the house came with a child sized hole kicked in already.!

Maybe they don't realise just how much it's affecting you!

He can tell you anything he thinks will keep you pacified.!

Not that I didn't know how!

I think Obama's partisan politics and rhetoric make him unable or maybe even unwilling to actually cooperate and compromise.!

Mike McQueary is an interesting case in that he was practically raised to be a part of the Penn State family.!

I do hope that you can find some comfort soon xxxYou're not stupid!!

I do think the safety net for the poor is currently fairly effective.!

I think Newt has been the most accurate and forthright.!

It would be hard not to use that which leads me to feel it should be abolished as well.!

The Country did well in terms of setting the foundation for what has lasted so far almost 240 years BECAUSE they subscribed to the things I believe and those whom morons like YOU consider hacks believe.""!

most of that is due to the fact that i gained 70 punds and i didn't really even try to be somewhat active when i could during my pregnancy.!

But in fact there's a little bit of a mystery.!

Every so often he leaves a package somewhere with clues to who he is.!

i think this old guy is scared of dying without the recognition that he killed some ppl and trying to make history.!

You will find you are treated with great respect with that typoe of approach.!

Those Dutch sweeper arms that we finally said we could use were being held on stand by"!

I think the Zeitgeist films started out very controversial!

My father has undiagnosed Learning Difficulties and anger issues (he attacked me frequently as a child and broke my arm on one occasion).""!

It took a while but the shoulder has been giving me a lot of trouble and it has been about 8 months since the accident.!

The current round of talks were significant for several reasons!

Other than a few large cities like NYC!

I signed up for the class and then months later found out there was a whole bunch of controversy over it.!

Undoubtedly you have more than just a slight personal interest in Finlands history whereas someone like myself from Australia!

I believe I explained my viewpoint fairly well in subsequent posts (above).!

But recently it seems to have got out of control and I almost feel like I am now the parent.!

And i think most Americans are now seeing them that way too.!

I have been looking at the different flowers available and I am really unsure what sort of thing is appropriate from a granddaughter.!

I just feel like I am already tied down with kids!!

But over the years we have sort of thrown a blanket over Presidential private lives.!

I can understand the argument that nuclear proliferation is bad and any of these states having nuclear weapons is not desirable as it just leads to proliferation in the region!

I really do.!

I guess this his way of sucking up to other countries like China and Russia.!

And could have quite legitimate reasons for not wishing to have any further contact with you.!

I can also remember watching Mr. Dressup and all those shows while eating a bag of dry cereal.!

Given the Israeli mentality I would say we will see them strike Iran.!

Can only see them wanting to convert to BTL if/when they find out.!

They at the time almost caused an economic collapse.!

Every so often he leaves a package somewhere with clues to who he is.!

The prosecution vouched for the credibility of Jacobs' testimony that he did not commit the shooting and did not even know that his co-defendant had a gun.!

Which I think is a good idea.!

No real harm was done so I don't think they should be punished.!

I told him no because we really need to start saving!

I had my first appointment with a midwife at 10 weeks-its does seem a little late.!

One of the big stumbling blocks might be that people who do have to use fertility clinics don't take their fertility for granted which makes this offspring a bit more problematic emotionally.""!

Everybody seems to be picking on her for going a little wild after her divorce.!

I just had a case where a youth committed suicide and the bullies posted more negative crap about this kid on the web site dedicated to a memorial for the youth.!

Not sure what specifically you're asking for!

If someone has a moral objection to contraception!

Throughout the time we were kind of together he slept with his ex a fair few times!

Even the American Revolution didn't change that dynamic very much; central bankers don't really have to worry about who's elected to office as long as the private creation and allocation of credit remains safely in their hands.!

At this point you'll have to do a bit more research though!

If there was ever someone destined to spend their life on the sidelines with Paterno!

All Obamalamadingdong has done is spend like a madman.!

You're going to take it from a little state like Massachusetts!

There may be trouble there again.!

Or maybe just a commutation of sentence like for Scooter Libby.!

One with which I'd think she'd agree.!

So physio did all the arm movement things to see if I got pain that's usually connected to tenderthingy and I din't have it then!

That's how I would feel supported.!

Then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing.!

So I really don't think this is even happening.!

Obama's policies are the most anti -business anti freedom and anti capitalist of ANY presidential admin in recent memory...Except those of Jimmy Carter.!

They said I could sort out the insurance after I got my bill.!

Ya know there are times when I read your stories that I get soooooo mad at your husband for putting you through this drama!!

on the whole she usually gives me the courtesy of a text!

Insurance is the only financial product I can think of where you have to tell the company about changes to your circumstances (and then only things that are material to the policy and their underwriting decision).!

You may also lose your single person council tax status.!

The killing fields would probably not have occurred there but for Nixon.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedYeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.!

It may be good for the economy but it is not fair on those who feel the brunt end of fierce competition for jobs!

I was told that humans are very caring and that unlike animals we can tell by facial expression how the other person is feeling so to imagine for 10 yrs that they could do this without giving a s*** and even feeling a bit of guilt/remorse is very very upsetting sometimes i have to convince myself us humans are caring and intelligent but tbh i cant see a difference between us and animals.!

Also...this is from personal experience too......more than half the time when someone withholds information from me because they didn't want to worry or "bother" me....it wasn't anything I'd have been worried or bothered about anyway.""!

They are a pissed off and unaffiliated new breed of political monster that no one knows what to make of yet.!

Its not uncommon for people's existing feelings about themselves to become more intense when they are in new situations and feel the pressure to socialise with strangers and fit into new roles!

How about some of your own medicine.!

That is what Liberty is about!

men understand more then we think some times.!

I also understand that France is stockpiling hydrogen!

We explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to the best oif their ability.!

They don't even kiss and deep inside he is hurting for someone to complete his life.!

Zimbabwe used to be stable until the Brits left and Mugabe went mental and started killing and exiling the minority white people as some sort of 'get back' plan.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

If I understand your other questions:The FRW model of the universe is the basic standard theory.!

Ya know there are times when I read your stories that I get soooooo mad at your husband for putting you through this drama!!

Two scenarios are now most likely when the French Senate debates the bill Monday!

i am really not happy with the fact i may have to wait another 2 months for all of this stuff!

I've found that it hides all the bits I'm not so confident about but still allowing for a bit of fun iykwim.!

And then she went on about how I'm too sensitive.)""!

I could be wrong but I think California may have more prisons than any other state.!

Very much the opposite.!

I would suggest that a few more than nobody cared.""!

I think Newt has been the most accurate and forthright.!

Someone you aspire to (not want to be them but someone who your admire and have respect for) e.g.!

I think I uploaded this correctlyPic of accused BTKI lived in Wichita about 20 yrs.!

Teachers and principles would not shield me from other kids and my family doesn't even know I exist.!

Mmm I'd say that's pretty reasonable...!...I've come off milk and dairy stuff now coz of suspected lactose intolerance.....it's a pain in the a**...but my shoulder pain has mysteriously gone away...it does come back occasionaly when I'm really stressed out...but only mildly and only for a little while....Touch wood....!....but anyway...yeah...blah blah blah...Honey_rose_crStart carrying your bag in your arms like a baby or get one of those bags that are more like suitcases.!

I also remember the last time the shale oil bollocks ran rampant here.!

From what I could see they were trying to convince the students who had less knowledge about the new voting system into voting for them.!

I personally do not agree that American citizens should pay for these social activities.!

Maybe it's because FOX has the good sense to not go all half cocked before anyone knows what the facts are.!

And I think I had the highest grade point in my college of humanities.!

For the so called oldest political party you would think there would be a few more books.""!

Soo..in like 20 hours (if i counted right sorry im a little tired) which would be 8pm tommorow night!

But they enjoyed their stay generally!

How about some of your own medicine.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedYeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.!

They look remarkably like Birkenstocks!

I wish Paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.!

There is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.!

AND nearly 80% don't believe there will be ANY benefit from the American Jobs Act or "Stimulus II" after his moronic""!

I didn't see much of the BUFs - they came mostly after my last cruise there.!

LOLI'd like to put my.02c worth of shoe stories too!

I went to see another male friend last night who I know has a thing for me!

Any help would be much appreciated.!

The result of a ballot among almost 1!

Moroccans are a bit like Italians when they get excited.!

Little do they know they're far left utopia only works if the whole world is in it too.!

I am all for the legal process doing its work but to claim someone is given a pass by those of a political bent when there is no prosecution shows your bias.!

So I really don't think this is even happening.!

I thought they should spend weeks or months examining his body.!

You say that as if Levantine Arab was some sort of cohesive ethnic group in Syria.""!

I know why!!

I'm stuck in the family home and want to get out as soon as possible after Christmas.!

i still think 14 weeks is a bit too long!

I don't know how old I was!

This is possible because space is not analogous to matter in these theories in that in can exceed the speed of light in its expansion rate.!

We had a row and a while later he came down with a backpack and basically said if there's any more of this I'm off.!

I don't think most Brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.!

I heard about this two weeks ago.!

Or like oil companies!

Take a closer look at their signs and listen to what OWS is really saying.!

A friend of mine is very involved in conservative politics and one day sent a bunch of pro-voucher tweets about how parents know what's best!

Apparently she has made it known to people she likes the thought of the money (my father has made no secret about the inheritance).!

This actually seems to be the prevailing attitude at a few Penn State message boards I've lurked at.!

For some reason you remind me of Dennis Leary (Video has a few F-bombs if your at work)STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube STFU - Dennis Leary - YouTube Yea it does seem that most in the OWS Movement want to blame everyone but themselves for their own mistakes.!

Who knows what has happened in the past!

However during the clinton debate the Democrats kept going on and on about the blow job.!

My work hasn't been able to offer me more hours so far!

Always knew Newt could tear it up in a debate.!

People forgave Clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.!

I am also reading about that recently(e.g.!

While Congress is technically not funding abortions!

She could drive and visited the elderly(!)!

And it gets worse - hundreds of skimmers sit idle...___Ken Marrero alerted me to this video of Florida Senator George LeMieux alerting the world that there are hundreds of oil skimmers across the country and the federal government has refused to allow them to be transferred to the Gulf to help in the cleanup because - get this - there may be an oil spill somewhere else and they might be needed there.!

But I do worry that it is going to take years to dig myself out of this little hole and be able to be in a place where we can comfortably afford a child and think about buying a house!!

Unless you are able to navigate the laws around wills and intestacy in the US (and they could differ from state to state) you are most likely going to make yourselves very!

A family friend said it was a wonder we didn't find a note lying on his chest reading I told you I didn't want to come here."!

In the future I don't imagine very many will work.!

AND nearly 80% don't believe there will be ANY benefit from the American Jobs Act or "Stimulus II" after his moronic""!

I think the entire loop is around 18 miles.!

I had about 20 minutes with a doctor.!

Anyway - I am intruding on a thread which has become - as far as I have read - a logic duel - but I thought I would introduce a little local flora and fauna.!

My husband tries so much to help and is so kind but it isn't the same and i'm scared of stressing him out.!

I understand the Laffer curve and yes!

In our uni library there were stacks of books about the Labour party in various eras but hardly any about the Tories.!

I suggested the basic economics in it seemed some people didn't understand the basic cost/supply relationship - and many people in their thoughtful wish to help others less fortunate only correlate higher salary = more spending power without looking at the downstream impacts (or lack thereof).!

We should start a sequence of these threads ;-).!

I like the fact that I have good friends I can trust of many races!

How could I be expected to resist a title like that.!

It seems like every time I make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little bitch.""!

I just don't feel comfortable with expanding IIED that far!

But if you don't believe me!

I feel like everything anyone could do to help!

In spite of being largely Muslim!

so far pregnancy has been normal!

Honestly I don't think BTK lives in Wichita.!

I'd have to study further before answering definitively; but I don't think I'd be opposed to Kennedy's (Snood's) attaching it to inflation either, even retrospectively, providing they spaced it out to give business an opportunity to adjust.!

For the month that she was here she was helpful while I was away and for about 2 or 3 days after I got back... and then she phoned it in and we had to clean up after her more than the kids!!

Greedy Capitalists hurt the poor( I am not greedy therefore I love the poor)I will remember the phrase!

I have not heard about any kind of Will relating to my dad.!

I think it was started by carrying my school bag.!

Pretty much It's worse in Chicago - you'd think the guy was the second coming...!

Honestly when you think about it it really does look just.. terrifying.!

Y'all are a bunch of hypocritical FAKES!

admittedly I did get a little emotional!

this is in my opinion really bad bullying!!!!

It's a very difficult thing to have to approach and I really feel for you x!

It is important to seperate the innocent from the guilty in both industries but it's ironic that the papers have been selling copy by basically tarring all bankers with the same brush and slagging them off mercilessly for years.!

Kid gloves for a guy who just shot someone else to death.!

This is a positive thread about the Prez as some here said never happens and bam!

There are usually women's groups at the different churches!

I know  ive been reading alot about them and asking people I know that have had them how they are..it sounds scary :/I feel for you mama!

I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

Some of the most beautiful areas of re-planting!

She wears a spinal brace and he punches it so while it doesnt really hurt her i would prefer him not to I know i'm not the only parent who has an issue with him!

i'm somewhat more interested in boycotting bp and forcing fund managers to divest all bp stock than i am in prosecuting the bp ceo!

I have family in sweden and it is not as rosy as people think!

I may have been three or i may have been 5!

This is something I do all day long and while I'm at home I like to not think about work so much.!

So they insisted on free trade with countries like China that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.!

I believe a discussion on limiting the size of weapons civilians may possess is overdue.!

I know you are heartbroken but it's completely normal.!

Same memory I wrote about on Abuzz.!

Until I know the facts I won't make a decision.!

Eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.!

i had a good cry about it.!

I am sure the counsellors there have seen so many manipulators and the fallout that they may be able to suggest strategies to cope.!

Funny thing is that even some British don't have superb English.!

He does not at all agree that an atmosphere of such speech may make such tragedies likely to recur.!

It was an abrupt about-face for Robertson who reaches about one million U.S. viewers daily and is credited for helping shape political views of evangelical Christians!

Soo..in like 20 hours (if i counted right sorry im a little tired) which would be 8pm tommorow night!

I was forever going in on my day off or coming in early or staying late because people didnt show up or wanted to leave early so i felt like they could deal with it.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedYeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.!

No one really concerned about it!

Just you think about that!!

I'm the kind of person who likes statistics and hard facts!

I think it would explain most of the PIOUS statements by the far left.!

Once the disaster finally ends he may speak out.!

I know that his situation is not the same as your daughter's; all I can tell you is what I learned from my experience.!

Interrogating people about their sex lives isnt' kosher to a lot of people.!

Some think Flight 93 never crashed.!

Ditto Thomas - My basic premise is that minimum wage (in most cases) will not have an impact - other than the possibility of people being laid off.!

plus my family has basically said they are gonna spend everything they earned before they die.""!

I wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.!

I've bought her some wool and she's going to do some knitting for charity but due to the arthritis in her hands I'm not sure how easy she'll find this.!

I have to agree with Lash that sometimes!

I was forever going in on my day off or coming in early or staying late because people didnt show up or wanted to leave early so i felt like they could deal with it.!

The wind was really taken out of my sails!

I also understand that he is falling back onto the idea that we supposedly have won the war!

They are all a bunch of spoiled kids!

You might also try posting on the benefits board here to see if anyone can suggest any routes for you.!

My kids got some money from my mom and dad.!

Have tried reading round but searching the word will on google brings everything but will and testamentAnyone who has been in this kind of position plse let me know how you went about everything and what we need to dothanksbitsandbobsHi!

He doesn't care about anyone but himself - As a matter of fact I believe hes obsessed with himself...!

I would love to get married but he hasn't propsed and as far as I know he isn't planning to (I understand it is on the cards at some point but no idea when)!

I believe these rows will just keep getting worse for years to come.!

It was quite a tightrope walk--because I feel that in almost all circumstances!

The yes on 1 folks say that children will be taught about homosexuality in schools... Well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.!

I can remember the oddest things but major events totally slip my mind.!

Medicine students will be finding out about new treatments for diseases a lot of these older people are more likely to get.!

i dont know... i just told him that i am sorry i will never look like that and i am so scared that he wont find me attractive in a few months because i am going to get stretch marks and just be fat and gross looking and i am just so emotional and ugh... i wasnt trying to make him feel bad.!

I've always felt that he was in control until the end and checked out like that!

There are a fair amount of people arguing - seriously - that most of the anger about the case is about people not being Penn State fans.!

We walked from the factory to the State Capitol in an effort to get the owners to provide some financial support to the children and families of the women who died.!

http://yglesias.thinkprogress.org/ar...ath-panels.phpReal Death PanelsJonathan Cohn calls it a squeeze play, but whatever you call it there's something bizarre about watching an American conservative movement whose general goal is to have the public sector provide as little as possible to anyone!

But Huckabee didn't shoot down other conspiracy theories like the president not having health or college records!

California apparently does allow the sale of raw milk but requires a permit to do so.!

Any advice and opinions welcome...Taff xPersonally I dont think its anything to do you even if she is a golddigger (no offence).!

I didn't see much of the BUFs - they came mostly after my last cruise there.!

The teacher was a bit surprised.!

As I recall!

Temperatures have soared to near record levels in some eastern regions and Robertson said that was the most convincing evidence I've seen on global warming in a long time."!

It's my 29th birthday in a few weeks time and over the past 6 months I have started to fret about turning 30/having to make decisions about the 'big' things in life - houses!

I personally don't care about any future inheritance I could be entitled to (his house etc)!

I've had enough personally and after graduation and I don't even start until 2011 but once I graduate I will take my degree and I will go to countries like Germany!

Those people are a bunch of crackpots.!

You should look into Jacque Fresco.!

One thing I think I've read is that we tend to actually remember the last telling!

i could possibly try self employment again!

I do not believe the 9/11 terrorists accomplished that task.!

I'm sure there were plenty of Christian churches built during and shortly after the various Crusades in what had formally been Muslim territories.!

I usually blurt out that the truth movements goal is not a second investigation!

I stammerred and spoke about my opposition to the war and my support for the cause of civil rights and they went about their business!

She nearly had a heart attack and grounded me for a week.!

I don't expect that movement to end any time soon.!

She then said she could not give me their number.!

The ones I know that made it home still thank us all for our efforts to end that damn war.!

There was a fairly large to-do about a bunch of Stop snitchin' T-shirts here in Boston over the winter.""!

CommentaryYou beg my pardonLibby is not the only one who could benefit from Bush's clemencyBy David MartinPublished July 5!

The right-wing neocon whackjobs on this board only care about the small percentage that seemingly cause trouble.!

There are a few who control the entire market.!

They didn't appear so noble to us then.!

The Bush administration smeared his name when he could not defend himself.!

DA Hurlbert won't press felony charges against hit-and-run driver because it might affect his job | SummitDaily.comIn 1970!

Even though we are talking about human calamity and suffering!

Maybe we should run right back to the Conservative policies that squandered the surplus!

I really do hope more Americans turn to God in the future.!

I am sure the counsellors there have seen so many manipulators and the fallout that they may be able to suggest strategies to cope.!

I guess I've just got used to it!

A bad economy and fewer jobs WILL almost certainly cause more crime and strife.!

At the moment I feel like I am coming to an age where I have to start deciding what I do and do not want to do - and that annoys me!!

Insurance is the only financial product I can think of where you have to tell the company about changes to your circumstances (and then only things that are material to the policy and their underwriting decision).!

I wonder how much the DA cost to be bought off.!

www.crimelibrary.comi read this long ass story with all the facts and letters and shit they know about him and his victims...interesting stuff.!

I wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.!

Looks like Pat Robertson is now concerned about global warming!

I just feel like my life is kind of over.!

I personally believe that Syria wants very much to get on our (USA) good side.!

His equating the safety of soldiers in Iraq to the safety of the nation is really not very bright!

My brother refused to be sent because I'm not going to fight somebody else's war."!

It was apparently started by some thug in Baltimore The whole gist is that you can't trust the cops so you shouldn't snitch on people when you are a witness to a crime.!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

I know I will probally get slated and told he is an adult he can do what he wnats but he is living in our house and my husband and I both think he needs to let us know if he is not coming home.!

If someone visited the US and went to LA they might have a different perception of the US than someone who visited and went to New Orleans.!

I think Watergate is a prefect example of what I am asking about.!

One might say that Muslims won a victory on 9/11!

I also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their 'life plan' than I am.!

Women who kill are - at least here - most likely to do so after years of violence - and a number of attempts to escape said violence - not infrequently when they find the fella has abused the kids.!

HTHxYour Mum may have lost confidence due to the fall and the subsequent hospital admission and pinning of hip.!

I used to skate to the store or for exercise nearly every day before I moved to Madison--from a place where I could roll out the door with my skates on knowing I'd find a safe and efficient route to just about anywhere.!

Thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.!

They should be in Washington because that's where all the real problems are.!

As you can imagine!

I think of you!

If I may say...sounds like you mom has a control issue!

There's only so much fast food/restaurant oil to be had!

I personally don't care about any future inheritance I could be entitled to (his house etc)!

So much for the hugh-minded agrarian reformers that this misguided and pampered generation of self-indulgent Americans imagined were leading the opposition in Vietnam.!

But what they actually overturned the District on was sending the question of law as to whether the speech should have First Amendment protection to the jury rather than deciding it from the bench - which is what they did by focusing on type of speech rather than nature of speaker and audience and concluded it was protected.!

Throughout the time we were kind of together he slept with his ex a fair few times!

An American official said it was apparently shot down!

when you force women to have children they may not want!

Most of the time I am of the opinion that people should bare some financial burden for their medical expenses!

After a few more words he walked out.!

I am wrong about the unemployment rate!

Helps that I'm sort of in the trade but I don't like the idea of depreciation all that much and this is one good way to almost completely avoid it.!

She is adament it wasnt that much and I am going to try and ask my bank for a backdated statement so I can see exactly what I have paid out.!

You ask me how I know what's in your minds,.!

Africans would be better served by the EU removing it's protectionist food tariffs and agricultural subsidies and the rest of the world paying them a fair price for their abundant natural resources rather than cutting deals with the dictators who have kept parts of the continent in chaos since the end of (direct) European occupation after world war IIIt isn't just some crazy ironic twist of fate that the majority of the worlds precious metals and stones come from Africa and yet it has so many of the poorest and most violent countries!

You should think about picking up a smaller one.!

I have some savings products maturing in the next couple of years!

They are happy that they were able to receive some funds.!

i chose to see a midwife instead of going through GP's as that seem s the best option as everything is at the hospital.!

I don't know why I'm even upset really!

I sure as hell know ZIMMERMAN has no civil rights complaint.!

All you've done is copied what I've said because my thinking was sharper!

I can remember having a dream when I was three!

My husband has been going through courts trying to see his daughter for the past 8 years and basically most judges will want the children to have stability!

re curtains-'Passers by might not like the way it looks'.I dont give a f*** about what other people like the look of!

We know about civil rights.!

The republicans offered several and the last one that the democrats rejected out of hand actually included closing the tax loop holds you mistakenly seem to think the democrats want.!

I wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.!

A few thoughts in perusing the fallout here:1) Fox-- I feel sort of responsible for you feeling as though you had to defend my statements-- of course!

And it may be that we are in a period of less rapid warming.!

What I'm talking about is a miltary weapon they could develop!

Since being made redundant I have worked really hard at both getting the house together and finding another job.!

He fired six or seven shots from about 20 feet away!

As we stand there is no will that we know of anywhere.!

But I do worry that it is going to take years to dig myself out of this little hole and be able to be in a place where we can comfortably afford a child and think about buying a house!!

These are real life issues that women understand better than men.!

I actually think Lougher acted the way he did out of some sort of form of psychosis.!

The story of the fire in the shirt factory in North Carolina sounds very much like a well-known incident that occurred in New York (or was it Boston) in the late 19th century.!

You really need to learn to differentiate between 'news' and 'comment'.!

I think alot of the western world is very ignorant to how bad things are.!

Many local Muslims believe the mosque massacre was revenge for the killing of a young Buddhist rubber plantation worker in a nearby district earlier that day....Scores will be settled!

The truth will come out eventually because once more than one person knows the truth!

I think it may be called THE FAMILY.!

If you support the EDL or BNP you're missing a few braincells.!

This study from the Economic Policy Institute found that public schools in Milwaukee generally saw no improvement from the competition introduced by vouchers.!

I have not read what she said beyond this site nor do I care what she said.!

Well on our recent trip out west I was surprised to see a local newspaper headline about "Chinese rigs and work gangs" on Colorado's western slope near Pyramid where they've already "drilled and flared" a couple oil wells.""!

Relate is not just about keeping a couple together.!

So the likely death toll from starvation in Syria (kids alone) is probably 1!

It is odd to note the similarity of the 'protest stories' I have read on this thread to the 'war stories' often told (and exaggerated) by veterans (and sometimes non-veterans) of very different struggles.!

No one really wants to talk about anythiing else.!

Those are just some of the ISSUES.!

The most unfortunate part is that there is low credibility ever since no WMD could be found inspite of all the search!!

But recently it seems to have got out of control and I almost feel like I am now the parent.!

Obviously this is something you don't do often or ever for that matter!

I think it was partially anxiety and partially because she was still in potty-training...her breed is known to be difficult and she's extremely attached to me.!

I also have some problems with Bush that I didn't have when I voted for him!

Then... came the report that the woman reported involved was released after a few hours and the reason was that she had been the victim of identity theft.!

You can bitch all you want about tax rates.!

Newt Gingrich: 2012 Campaign Staff Exodus Makes Me 'Feel Liberated'06/15/11Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said during an appearance on Fox News on Tuesday night that he feels liberated by the mass exodus of staffers from his presidential campaign.""!

Some of the most expensive violins in the world have disputed labels!

Then 12 years later there is no longer a Soviet union but they notice a strengthening Iran that is a potential threat to their ally Israel so when some they get some 'evidence' of Iraq with nuclear material from a known unreliable source via MI6 they jump with joy to invade it.!

Not the people that want them to pay their share of the tax burden which they very much are responsible for.!

It seems like every time something goes on between my husband and I that his friends have to get involved or make rude comments.!

I'll check them out while I'm out and about tomorrow.!

Think about that!

I'm talking about having special rights that the rest of us!

I might not like the answer!

No friends who would admit to caring about me let alone loving me.!

but they are....because it isn't about life"!

If any blame should be placed on anyone's shoulders besides Jared Lee Loughner's it should be placed on the shoulders of the people and places that refused to help a man who needed help mentally.!

So far she tinkled a little in there!

AgreeOriginally Posted by Laurawhittersi agree it annoys me how people think that the BNP are just pure rasists there not they just want to keep england english.!

the night we arrived we were arrested for being in a car after sudnown with a colored spend the night in jail and contiunued the next few days working on voter registration while not to far down the road some others were murdered.""!

I believe that the president has too much ego to allow himself to be a total puppet!

I hope that she's somewhere safe now with people to care for her!

You are probably not told even once what to do if you see a man raping a child in the shower.!

A relationship should be about give and take!

They could easily do as you have done!

I am starting my own business and less than 1 week in look like I am well on the way to securing some clients... 4 Clients upwards and my earnings are back where they were.!

the war costs too much!

I can remember the oddest things but major events totally slip my mind.!

Denying that is like a redneck denying the Civil War was about slavery.!

Think about that!

I think rather than asuming he has undiagnosed learning difficulties you should just accept him as he is or push for a diagnosis if you feel he has them!

I know you are heartbroken but it's completely normal.!

I too am concerned about injury to bystanders!

I can remember years ago making a rather convincing guy fawkes complete with balaclava.!

So sad too how the prospect of a few material things when someone is ill can turn some people into total vulchers.!

At the same time I don't think he's making our country stronger or better in any way --just more violent.!

Pack his stuff up - put it outside and Lock the door and sit mum and dad down and TELL them what has really been going on in the relationship...if it was my daughter he wouldnt set foot in MY house again!!!!

I don't know how sizeable the Kurdish population is!

And i'm sure George Soros had a hand in hijacking the Movement too.!

Just like I would oppose a Shinto Shrine built at Pearl Harbor during WWII or a Glock outlet opening next to the Safeway in Tuscon next month.!

Because I think what she suffered was a form of patriarchy.!

I also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their 'life plan' than I am.!

I guess that's the most probable future.!

There was a fairly large to-do about a bunch of Stop snitchin' T-shirts here in Boston over the winter.""!

I'm really rather despondent about the state of urban public education!

I don't know if the police would help!

I don't guess $16!

My favorite march with Jesse was the one from the chicken processing plant in N. Carolina where 120 women died in a fire because the owners locked the emergency exit so no one could sneak outside for a break.!

That's an interesting side issue that may be addressed.!

I just feel like she does not understand that I am almost supporting everyone right now.!

My OH is a bit luckier in that he is only 25 but I know he worries about money and would like to have more of it!

You can't be too picky about the pavement you're skating on!

And just like Germany there is a hard turn to the far right by the country's middle classes and the rise of egomaniacal leaders who are already undermining what little democracy there has been in Russia.!

I think Californias might have shown that there is a lot of support for this research.!

which is why something like 80% of anti-choice activists are men.!

I know it's not funny and that you are frustrated!

I even got pissed off with letters from both parties in the post D:I watched her approach a group of students who said they didn't really know anything about the two voting systems and she then proceeded to give them a very biased overview.!

There's more to life than a couple of men.!

It was a pathetic display and in the end my patience was finished so I walked on stage and gave a little reminder of what Memorial Day is actually about.!

Hopefully we find out more as more light is shed on all of this.!

I really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.!

I just happen to be a senior advertising account executive; there is little i do not know about propagandist techniques.!

I understand what the guys did - and I understand the guys - because they were basically pathetic wounded babies!

Now if we can free ourselves from our billion dollar overlords perhaps we can enjoy real freedom and get rid of our bought politicians.!

I feel you are a good man!

Still others made it much more difficult for citizens to register to vote!

I have read data that show concealed carry really doesn't have an effect one way or the other on crime (not accidents!

I know you spoke with passion!

Please note that there were no seperate Jewish battalion or regiment and no segregation based on religion or some such""!

The scientifically trained doctor may have become the standard of the healing profession!

It's like the sign down town!

Some think no planes hit the Twin Towers.!

I have said the violent rhetoric should be foreclosed!

Too much lunatic fringe screaming.!

They were a part of life and could be found in most walks of life - including Naval Aviation ('tho one had to look for them in some circles) Apart from skin color they were like us - no big deal (I'm Irish - it was the Italians we hated).!

im not a racist but the amount of people who walk round my college and around town speeking in god only knows what language is annoying!!

I know about the Golan and about Syrian meddling in the Lebanese civil wars.!

unfortnaly they are often the ones in power; some of them even seem to want to make the eu into a new babylon.!

Just like Germany was!

That poor girl's life has been totally ruined by some sick and selfish people.!

D:Originally Posted by D_A_NNo BNP have the nations best interests at heart...not like any other fail party.!

(And it generally ain't that hard to tell the ones who are - PROVING it is harder...)Prison isn't generally gonna make someone better.!

poured out by the left and "green" wingnuts about the horrors of nuclear power.""!

other then looks like we may need an induction!

I think you have a right to defend yourself.!

When my pain is really bad I cannot raise my arms high enough to french braid my hair and I learned an exercise that helps: Stand in a corner of a room!

What I said was that he was working for someone else when his father died.!

and tbh - once you do have kids - you will feel even more trapped.!

I know most of the world thinks Americans are insanely rich and have money to spend on anything and everything!

To put all of the blame on Obama/democrats for America's troubles shows that you really do not know much about these American issues.!

I'm really not sure why.!

I know that there is no way to ever convince everyone about stem cell research but I think this is a good argument that I haven't really heard.!

He was the president of his church and a boy scout leader....just an ordinary kind of guy...scary.!

So I am sure you all heard of his speech in which he said if Republicans didn't pass his Bill Murder and Rapes would go up.!

More like the NBA owners!

You probably think most all human suffering is just some big joke - all of it!

I've bought her some wool and she's going to do some knitting for charity but due to the arthritis in her hands I'm not sure how easy she'll find this.!

I would be more concerned with his short term intentions to be honest!

Me and my pals got on with playing cards and having a drink and about an hour later my dad came downstairs to say that the boys were asleep and he was heading off.!

I dont understand where my parents money goes!!

George on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences.!

Being a few weeks before bonfire night I decided to hide it in my mums wardrobe so it would jump out on her when she opened the door.!

It would also be worth having a word with your local social services team for older people as they may be able to suggest things you or your mum haven't even though of.!

I read a really good article (can't remember where) about the WWF and how they have spent so much of their resources on animals that humans like such as Panda and Rhinos at the expense of many species of birds/insects/rodents etc that aren't as cute but are far more important to their eco-systems.!

He thinks he can just come up with a Number and order Congress to figure out how to reach it.!

I have been looking at the different flowers available and I am really unsure what sort of thing is appropriate from a granddaughter.!

I've been to hospital now and talked to a Dr who actaully listened and did something about it...I'm on a 6 MONTH waiting list for an MRI scan and a 6 week waiting list for physio...hopefully get it sorted out for good!!

I get a fair amount of my end income out of that business structure in dividends!

She acts like she had no idea who she was praising.!

It may be the sadest most disgusting thing I have ever read.!

Except I can't have ice-cream.... :5(I woz wondering bout acupuncture...I don't think I could handle it though..I got really queasy taking out my new earrings!!!!

It seems many Americans are incapable of grasping that fairly straightforward fact.!

If you are usually really good about it i dont see why it would hurt if you called out sick for this one weekend.!

The title says it all really  My childs class teacher (male) has been finally charged after the police have gathered evidence against him after being accused of 'touching boys privates' in class.!

By far the best debater and most informed candidate and could easily kick Obama's ass in a debate...!

Lots of Brits think they are too good to pick vegetables!

Women who kill are - at least here - most likely to do so after years of violence - and a number of attempts to escape said violence - not infrequently when they find the fella has abused the kids.!

One similar experience I had in D.C. was one night we were boarding a ship of dinner on the Potomac and a trip up the River to an amusment park (can't remember the name right this moment) any way we looked over and saw another boat loading but everyone one was black.!

I chose the more expensive method for Tricare because currently Medicare pays my deductible or rather between the two I generally pay nothing for routine care.!

I know my ex thought he had done nothing wrong but telling his estranged son to 'rot in hell' because he had missed a few phone calls-was wrong-although I held my tongue.!

I cried a lot and could not really understand it.!

Hehehe...c'mon...you know I'm right.!

I think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old.!

It might interest everyone to know that France just convicted Jacques Chirac!

We are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.!

(Tumor was affecting my balance and I threatened to topple over; had to be caught several times.)!

I still feel that it would be disrespectful to build on ground zero.!

Makes you wonder if she really can remember being born.!

I always think the twee starters/roast dinner/fake-looking pudding type menu is very peculiar when you remember that most couples would probably sit down to something totally different in almost any other situation!!

And even tho Sunni Man and I often disagree!

The kicker there is that my family is close to getting our status back and even then I am the wrong type of indian.... Of course ticking that aboriginal box gives me an unfair advantage over someone who is more qualified.!

I am feeling really let down and disappointed and wondered where I go from here as I am really trying but I am getting nothing back.!

I'd get pretty angry if someone accused me of being an accessory to murder.!

No coincidence to me that he passed away almost a week after holding him.!

They understand that that there are many other factors to be considered (i.e.!

I'm pissed off at your fucking White House giving 1.4 BILLION $$$$$ to a 1% bastard like Robert Kennedy Jr. to bail out his green company.""!

I really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.!

There are billions about Blair and Brown.!

And depending on which way the American election goes American support may not be forthcoming if someone like Ron Paul gets electedI know!

Remember when we went in to take out Bin Laden we couldn't tell the Pakistani government for fear that Bin Laden would have been tipped off and escaped...that hardly fills me with confidence that they should be allowed to have nuclear weapons.!

I do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11.!

Although I never saw combat first hand I had and have knowledge about all the major battles in the war and all the major operations in the war.!

I hope you find some answers.!

To be specific: more guns make possible more gun errors and misuse!

You must spread some rep around etc.!

As for I think I speak for the vast majority when I say we don't want your discriminating kind here.""!

They said a) it was one of the most beautiful places they had been and b) it was the place in the world they had been most hassled and cheated.!

The face that James Buchanan was effectively the wife of Alabama Senator King also should have got a bit more scrutiny in the run up to the Civll war.!

Her daycare is in an officepark so I think most of the parents work right there as opposed to DH and I who work 20+ minutes away in opposite directions.!

I think the expulsion of Arafat may bring that on.!

I also have memory (but this one is not that clear) about my dad and me walking on completely frozen river that is near that house - that happened last time January 1977th (last time that river was so frozen that you could walk on it)!

For once....try focusing on that and just maybe you won't be so embarrassed when it doesn't live up to your expectations.""!

i think that would be a worse punishment than jail.!

My thoughts are that governments simply let their private arms companies make a bit of cash off the war like they usually do.!

There is a lot of claims that this is nothing more but some giant conspiracy between the media and anti Penn Staters to bring them down.!

On this forum i have found a number of people who have had similiar experiences and some that have had different ones and fortunately a meeting of minds often produces understanding of the variety of views and tolerance of others.!

If you read the whole article he doesn't sound like he knows if he is coming or going but that sounds about right.!

The jury votes on a penalty - generally VERY harsh.""!

Not that it matters to themso much as the fact that the Us government does not think it's a good idea.!

The only reason I'm not as confident that there's something about the birth certificate... is because I know the Clintons well!

I seriously doubt a 17-year old kid would even think about arguing with someone when they have a gun.!

I know I do.!

The precedent should be there considering how many men have gotten kicked out for getting drunk and violent towards other men.!

I assume that if pronation is normal the shoes may be just fine; if not""!

Immigrants will do the low paid tedious jobs and lots of industries like farming and cleaning have to rely on them.!

I do not believe that Blacks have a genetic propensity to be inferior to whites.!

Democrats should be ashamed of this Administration and their Hyper Partisan!

That is why uninsured adults are far more likely to be diagnosed with a disease!

I just feel like she does not understand that I am almost supporting everyone right now.!

In fact you may wish to look up the relevant pages in an Australian professor's paperhttp://www.lavoisier.com.au/papers/submissions/Foster3 (2001).pdfin which he completely debunks the calculation as far as his hemisphere is concerned - you'd think he doesn't want to get drowned any more than the rest of us do.!

Even though I would have supported the Russians against the Germans in general and especially with the German attack on Stalingrad; if I were to have crossed into Finland I probably would have ended up supporting some of the German regiments which were fighting alongside Finish units against Soviet aggression toward Finland.!

I wouldn't really know!

Other estimates show that ANWR probably contains as much as 16 billion barrels!

She has some work training coursework she is bringing so there's some built in down time.!

Many from Aboriginal communities know that as well!

It doesn't really matter whether anyone has told you that you are depressed or not!

Sorry to rant about Gypsies so much!

Please please can someone tell me how to cope!

Though I think a fresh apple is a better choice!

Broken down cars and skidoos litter yards and unlike the neighborhood 10 metres away they have cut down almost every tree.!

Obviously I know it never will!

What I know about abolishing the czars is that they're Unconstitutional and have no business having power in our federal government!

We don't know her history as she was a stray when someone gave her to us.!

There seem to be wreaths!

So I was just curious what you guys think and if you have called in fake sick before if it was worth it.!

The current round of talks was also important because this will probably be the last meeting in which Dai will participate as special envoy on the border talks ahead of the Chinese leadership change,!

The June 8 attack on the Al Furqan mosque in Narathiwat province's Joh-I-Rong district and its aftermath suggest such initiatives may have backfired.!

actually i think the thing that gets most farmers through another year of misery is the oil leasesthe two famers i talk to the most also work for the post office in order to keep the damn things goingmy cat litter farm is the prizewinner!!

I don't know who you refer to!

She moved it up because during my appt she did check me to see if i was dialated any and she said I was only dialated about a fingertip and so she went ahead and scheduled me to come in saturday at 8pm so I could start receiving medicine to open me up some more otherwise when they give me pictocin the labor would proably be long...so there gonna start the medicine saturday night to open me and then sunday morning give me the actual pictocin to make me go into labor...ladies..im freaking out...im so nervous/scared...this is my first pregnancy but im just so emotional and idk worried about everything...oh yeah and im getting induced because im diabetic.!

I can't believe I was stupid enough to buy all the tripe about what Iraq could become if we just remove the dictator.!

